try to think of one themselves.	but you don't have a plan.
only an amateur would say that.	i'm proud to be an amateur.
you can do something with the gauntlet?	we have someone who understands the alien interface.
the red hand are your friends?	everything that we built was just set on fire.
everything that we built was just set on fire.	can we trust alcala to respond appropriately?
only if the people around me remain loyal.	you know i'll stand by you.
do we really need the gauntlet?	i'm not leaving the bloc without it.
before you even hear my offer?	alan, I told you, i'm standing with alcala.
and the others... he could never have...	the blood on the clothes under the bed.
do you have a rough idea of what time?	yes, I could see the clock.
oh, i've not finished it yet.	well, let's see what you've got.
because he lied to my sergeant.	he was near our crime scene, said he wasn't.
you said you looked at the clock.	because I was speaking at seven, yes.
did rory hurt you at all?	he told me the truth, about him and...
shall I seal off the area?	it's a bit late for that, love.
confirming you were up here with our victim.	he didn't actually see me come up here.
maybe the two of them could go together.	I know, but that was your experience.
blast those pins all by myself.	it is all about the angle, okay?
I mean, look where we are here.	honey, you're so good at this.
you wanna go back to our bad parents?	I don't wanna go back to all of it.
without having to hurt each other.	yeah, well, clearly we can't, you know.
I got a half a mind to!	you've got half a mind, period.
i'm the only girl without them!	do you want tea today or not?
and joel couldn't even finish the game.	you know what it sounds like?
you want me to get toilet paper?	not if you don't want to.
when were they from, like, the '80s or something?	I think they'd been put in there...
you still have nerve to say that?	come on, let's have a party.
why does it need to be you?	i'm the only one I can trust.
but no one's sure who deals it.	and that's what I wanted to find out.
like some whipping boy, all right?	what are you gonna do, paul?
l'm not ready to have children.	maybe you have not met the right guy.
except for the hands and eyes.	maybe he can break the curse.
do you think it has to what?	you can not judge people right?
so why do we not change?	because belle does not love him.
do you think it has to what?	you can not judge people by their father, right?
and we have a subpoena. and obstructing an investigation.	why don't you just suck my ass?
maybe we can be more specific.	the dude monitored my phone like I was 12.
and we have bullets with your prints on them.	so we toss a century of forensic science?
I can't believe he agreed to 30 years.	a courtroom full of people heard him confess.
what are you doing with it?	emma didn't want anyone else finding it.
I mean, i'm probably going to jail.	callie, going to jail is, like, the worst-case scenario.
kinda makes you just as bad as him.	i'm just supposed to take it?
i'm gonna move in the garage.	so jesus can keep my room.
we're not buying you a car.	you don't need to buy me a car.
♪ I kinda like it ♪ - _	♪ i-i kinda like it ♪ - _
♪ and I kinda like it ♪ - _	♪ i-i kinda like it ♪ - _
i'm not letting you kill a child.	he's all that's left of rittenhouse.
how do you know my real name?	I know a lot of things about you.
oh, this is a push off, man?	yeah, this is a push off.
this is a push off, man?	yeah, this is a push off.
but you don't have to dance for us.	I think it's actually kind of bull.
and you can't not go through...	abby, don't do this, don't spook.
heart can heal that eye of yours.	think she's kind of into me.
think she's kind of into me.	catch that heart logo back in steel city?
um, mom just loves to cook,	and I just got it from her.
it would have ended her career.	o'leary killed maya before she could talk.
you're not shutting down, are you?	I would never endanger the firm.
my face is not a cupcake.	this has got to be posted.
well, at least you've got your health, right?	oh, yeah, i'm a regular fairy princess.
bourbon or whiskey, I don't really care.	alright, a bourbon or whiskey coming right up.
why are you so sad all the time?	i'm not sad all the time.
so, any chance you wanted to lock up tonight?	any chance you want to bite my ass?
okay, then, well, what year where you born in?	do you mind if we talk about something else?
what are you doing out here?	nothing, i'm just taking a break.
bourbon or whiskey, i don't really care.	alright, a bourbon or whiskey coming right up.
but then they ran over justin, and...	and you let them get away.
is that white oak bark ready?	I sliced it up real thin.
why don't you use your own laptop?	I locked it in my safe.
do you think it was the "jam on" thing?	yeah, I think it was the "jam on" thing.
so you really didn't learn anything?	no, but I hope you did.
let's go talk about the case.	wow, you are taking this so well.
oh, we'll be the judge of that.	yes, that's what we're asking for.
I just got out of prison.	i'm not trying to go back.
dad, what are you doing here?	I know i'm a little early.
that's not what I meant and you know it.	I don't care what you meant.
why are you coming to me with this?	because you questioned my integrity once before, and i...
you got a job in one day?	I wouldn't be trying on ties if I didn't.
how could you possibly guess that?	gretchen's grandson could have guessed that.
what are you doing here, harvey?	i'm here for a fresh start.
a long way to go for corn.	let the man grieve, won't you?
but come sit for a minute.	if you're too busy, I understand...
how you helped steal an election.	that would be it for me.
it'd be better if you were there.	i'm gonna sit this one out.
then it's up to you and your pioneers	to cross the field and break the gate.
that we even have a ring.	so, what are you asking me to do?
and i'm going to shame him on twitter.	well, I don't want you to.
I wasn't expecting to see you.	how come i'm not on the list,
have you got like a chest freezer?	we do, but he's not going in it.
no, she tried but she fell asleep	with the book in her hand, bless her.
we've only been here a day.	you go get ready for tonight.
carl, i've been looking forward to this all week.	you know it's all fake, right?
electronics don't work so well around here.	but it was working fine earlier.
but it was working fine earlier.	just relax, we will fix it later.
how the hell did they get there?	oh my god, who gives a shit?
what the hell do you think you're doing, man?	easy man, i've gotta go find...
oh, what, so ghosts use light switches now?	ghosts are considered to be electrical energy.
a lot of patients died there, the doctor...	no, I felt it in me, not towards me.
a little bit of light to work by helps.	were you a boy scout or something?
okay, we can get out this way.	oh, are you fucking kidding me?
what the hell is going on?	the tour isn't over yet, is it?
fuck yes, we shouldn't be going in there.	we need to contact the ghosts.
what, are you going rock climbing or something?	yeah, i'm gonna go rock climbing at midnight, genius.
what's so special about this girl?	you're not half the girl she is.
what are you gonna do with him?	look what he's done, to you, to carl.
can we get through this one quick?	you went through hell in here.
I promise we won't hurt you.	there has to be another way.
I came here to ask your help,	to smuggle me into the city.
or i'll do it for you.	oh, yeah, you and what army?
smells good. "it's for my daughter."	you do not have time to cook.
yeah, I wasn't talking to you.	what sort of company car do you get?
rufus would like to do that.	did you want to do it?
did you want to do it?	no, I think you can take this one.
just happened to be passing, sir.	god, what a stroke of luck.
no, I said I would knock off at 5:30.	I called your office and you didn't.
well, aside from me, have you	ever even had a real relationship?
if they catch us, they'll kill us.	that's why i'm asking you, pal.
we should have stayed at the hotel.	I have to do this for my pal.
I have to do this for my pal.	just a few minutes, and we can go.
i'm not accusing you of anything.	I talked to the cops three years ago.
I talked to the cops three years ago.	they said I didn't do nothing wrong.
we should just bring dominique in.	we don't have enough, not with lawyers like that.
he lives a long way away.	he's not a bad man, from what I understand.
I just never got the chance.	your mom, she was your biggest fan.
we don't have to stay here.	oh, please, don't be so dramatic.
I took it out of the bathroom.	you moved evidence without properly conducting an investigation?
you dirty son of a bitch.	you put a gun on me...
do you need any more of these?	I can always use an extra.
nobody knew where she was, so...	so she never got the book?
this sudden interest you're showing in my life.	sarah you're my sister, I love you.
yeah i'm not a child richard.	I didn't mean it like that.
i'm sorry, can I help you with something?	maybe, or maybe I can help you, richard.
are you sure that you're okay being here?	yeah, yeah it's not a problem.
can I get you anything, coffee, tea?	oh, no, no i'm fine, i'm fine.
i'm not a religious person father.	that's all right, we can talk about anything.
what is there to talk about?	well that tremendous hurt that you went through.
what you need to kill yourself?	I need to be with her.
but I already took one today.	we uh, we need to get you feeling better.
think you can follow the road?	well I guess we'll find out.
what did you do to yourself?	we're gonna have a baby richard.
how did you know where I was?	lucky guess, are you a relative of his?
and that would be a miracle.	a miracle, that we can not allow to happen.
i'm saying we need to stop it.	by saying stop, you mean kill?
i'm sorry, can I help you with something?	maybe, or maybe i can help you, richard.
in for a penny, in for a pound.	yes, let it wash away the sins.
yes, let it wash away the sins.	so, you wanna get outta here?
♪ and found somebody new ♪	♪ new ♪ - ♪ new ♪
♪ new ♪ - ♪ new ♪	♪ and now we'll be ♪
you should have talked to me first.	without this, you'll go to prison.
he was right there with you, no?	yes, but he didn't want to come.
I need to talk to him again.	no, I knew you were thinking this.
we don't really have a choice.	oh, we do have a choice.
you think bill gates had friends?	and he refuses to wear his uniform properly.
it's great to wake up in the camp.	we were a little late to bed.
there was a good time in the tent, right?	the atmosphere of team red is good.
there was a little concern yesterday evening.	there was a bit of a bad atmosphere yesterday.
the competition is going to go well.	dig deep for the best you have.
he didn't want to come back!	i'll go get him out myself.
you're right, you're right, you're right.	but this needs to be done right.
yeah, 'cause we're talking about me leaving.	are you not allowed to leave?
are you not allowed to leave?	I can do whatever I want.
yeah, but you're, like, a saint, right?	we just see so much need everywhere.
i'll wait until you're ready to tell me.	honey, you wanna help me light the candles?
you should have told me then.	yeah, I know, and i'm sorry.
I didn't know she was gonna do that.	why are you even talking to her?
why are you even talking to her?	look, I can talk to people, sarah.
why are you fucking asking questions?	you're acting really paranoid right now.
at least she's not gonna miss practice.	she punched a pretty girl in the face!
fix your car when it breaks.	i'm not talking about money for living, okay?
I wanted to loop you in.	you wanted to loop me in?
I need to talk to my mom.	yeah, he needs to talk to his mother.
♪ i'm on a new level ♪	keep my birthday turned up, hands up!
keep my birthday turned up, hands up!	♪ i'm on a new level ♪
I know that's what you'd like...	just tell me what you need.
this is my neighborhood hideout spot.	oh, yeah, you live around here?
you know, can you flip 'em?	what kind of question is that?
write to her and invite her here.	I don't take orders from you.
actually I need a change of clothes.	um, i'll need your shirt and, um...
will you get them in a round for me?	it's not them I want to see.
missy, get off her, get off her.	oh, my god, miss, what you gonna do?
please, miss, can I go home?	missy, don't fight with your friends.
I got you some new shoes.	no, no, no, I have shoes.
no, no, no, I have shoes.	and now you have new shoes.
but we won't be the first.	we were crossed by your competition?
if they get in we're all dead.	you can't decide for all of us.
the press will ask you about it today.	I want you to keep them at bay.
any chance they knew each other?	I don't know, I don't think so.
now that's what you think we do?	I know that's what y'all do.
it's the first thing you did.	kim... this is not how we do discovery.
and tell us it's for our own good.	yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I know it's been a while.	why didn't you wait for me?
what did he say to you?	he's saving me for his boss.
maybe your friends and family love you too.	it was just a joke, I was, erm...
I said that ugly girls need presents more.	yes, yes, but you said something else.
i'm supposed to have your back.	you do, look at what you done today.
you guys, this is too much.	I don't know what to say.
you didn't raise your hand to him?	only to push him away when he grabbed me.
do you realise how insulting that is?	it's not like I was broadcasting it.
we need to get her right, look at her.	you know what's great about being in here?
yeah, well, I don't sell anymore.	come on, you support yourself here?
yeah, well, we can't eat moral support.	do you still have that truck?
it won't be enough money anyway.	how would I get to work?
we're on a zero tolerance policy.	no, you don't have to tell.
that is not what I meant.	well, now college is back on the table.
I can't promote someone with a record.	i'm not the one stealing this time.
if you know what I mean.	yeah, you just told me what you mean.
we're going to teach battle magic now?	it was once a required course.
we have to be a fake person.	oh, shut up, both of you!
you sound like a broken record.	and a good day to you, too.
oh my god, you're up and about!	yeah, that makes one of us.
let's get her in the house.	thank you for saving our girl.
okay, but I have to go to school.	oh, good. 'cause dawn was pushing it.
i'm not sure what's happening now.	I just gave him a raise.
you got a good one here.	you do have a good one, fred.
why are you not eating anything?	i've never been crazy about the food here.
we had a lot of good times.	it was more than that for me.
all right, i'll take care of it.	you know where his bar is at, right?
you know where his bar is at, right?	yeah, I know where he's at.
nobody else knows about this, huh?	just three people in this room.
what can I do to help you?	I want you to search the city.
what did you come here for?	I came here to say good-bye.
what do you think i'm going to do?	not much when this is pointed at you.
not much when this is pointed at you.	that don't mean shit to me.
what the hell are you doing in there?	he heard you coming, and he locked us in.
he heard you coming, and he locked us in.	get back away from the door.
no, I was opening up a little bit.	you just said I was your dad.
text you when I get in.	yeah, text me in the morning
like in final cut or some shit,	screen it around town, build a buzz.
I think it was the feds.	you don't know it was feds.
you don't know it was feds.	I know what feds look like.
i'll see you when I see you, bro.	look, kevin, you have no i...
it was a crappy old phone.	i'd rather just get a new one.
i'd rather just get a new one.	we're the police and we're here to help you.
I told you, you can't be back here.	and I told you, I already am.
yeah, well, I didn't want to be.	I can't stand that I can't do this!
where you gotta be that's so important?	I said get out of here, man, okay?
I wanted you to buy us some beer.	i'll buy you some beer, okay?
what the hell has gotten into you?	it is a work day, thomas.
I can go to jail if I have to.	I am not letting you go to jail.
you believe there's something in your water, mr. small?	I know there's something in our water.
you need a lawyer before you say anything.	okay, listen, i'm gonna be right behind you, okay?
when can I see my son?	as soon as his attorney comes out.
we're gonna get you out of here.	why would ms. dekaan do this?
I brought the water in to be tested.	oh, so you put the movement over your family.
i'm glad you stood up to her.	no, you don't know what you're talking about.
it had nothing to do with me.	he wanted to get over you.
eddie, we will take care of this.	this is a family matter, cal.
is it okay if I listen?	what's your book say about it?
so what happened with the irs lady?	we didn't get what we needed.
and now nothing will change for those people.	it is a losing battle, hawk.
i'd be humbled to be your guide.	I just came from the auction.
I just came from the auction.	what did he buy it for?
how long has this been here?	I called you as soon as I saw it.
I called you as soon as I saw it.	what, you didn't see anybody put it up?
I stepped away for a minute.	who knows how many people have seen this.
what if a bear came at me?	well, then he would be doing you a favor.
it was steve who helped you see that.	there was a child with him.
the one who was following us.	there was a man following us?
I don't think it rains much in l.a.	i'm never asking her for anything ever again, hawk.
yeah, but i'm still starting to doubt you.	it'll be worth the wait, pal.
to kiss off all we've done?	now what is that supposed to mean?
you should have stopped at number two.	but I am what I am.
which is the translation in your report?	yes, but that's only the surface meaning.
a world that was much more advanced than now.	yeah, that's also kind of major, isn't it?
your bosses need a higher level of employment.	oh well, it's a national problem.
well then, would you please enlighten me.	since when did we become friends?
l have to go to her house.	ya. i'll be here for 2 months.
♪ and I will remember you ♪	your wife is in distress, jack.
um and turned it into something resembling lemonade.	♪ and I look back upon my time ♪
take the lord's name in vain.	I just need sign off, please.
you know I want to, but I can't.	you've been saying that for a year.
i'm used to compromising my dreams.	no, winston, you deserve an amazing engagement.
I feel like i'm being a bad friend	by putting you in this spot.
I know how to handle this.	are you out of your mind?
you could have killed that guy.	what's going on with you, man?
we have to get out of here.	I just... i just need a minute.
I just... i just need a minute.	we gotta get out of here.
we gotta get out of here.	I said I just need a minute!
how the hell did he do that?	ride and shoot at the same time?
i'm sorry, I can't take it.	no, please, I want you to.
what the fuck did he say?	look, stick to our original agreement.
he won't put up with this much longer.	i'm sure it's hard on him.
well, that's one way of looking at it.	and you don't know where he is.
ask her to please not be there.	ben would like you to leave.
because I know how much you make.	and I know how much that costs.
what did you do that for?	you hit on my mom, dude.
I had... no, i, I thought rob said something.	I had, I had no idea.
all right, let's get 'em in there, yeah?	oh, yeah, sorry, on my phone.
oh, my god, it's... it's a hand.	it's probably just a dead piece of bark.
what do you want me to say?	I want you to talk dirty.
okay, well, we got that done.	madam president, it's so good to see you.
if you just went to that stupid club.	okay, can we not do the
this is a very good thing.	how can you possibly think that?
and a schedule for the event.	i'll see what I can do.
i'd like to talk to you now...	no, we need to tighten the shot.
it's a new color on you.	a new color on you would be...
jeff, I just came by to see...	it's right in front of us, all right?
so, are we still going to the party?	yeah, i'll put on a hat!
I am great in an emergency.	i'll change it, i'll change it.
what am I meant to do with her?	just keep an eye, that's all.
he seemed to think you had.	I said, if something came up.
enough to do something about it?	I am doing something about it.
don't think he felt up to it.	well, where will I find him?
almost expected of pop stars these days, sir.	I don't know so much, sir.
so why haven't you arrested him?	because so far his alibi stands up.
it's how you play the game.	but I don't wanna play the game that way.
so how do we stop it?	I need to beat every level of the game.
come up with a harder game.	so now you're here to help?
so now you're here to help?	I can bring down the tree house faster.
okay, great, so i'm just gonna	go ahead and take your pulse.
look, an hour ago, you said it wouldn't work.	I was wrong, I admit it.
all right, who here wants to go?	what the fuck are you doing?
can you just turn the light...	can you turn the light off?
what are you doing here anyway?	I heard they did a nice wedge salad.
i'm gonna end it right now.	i'd gladly join you, but you can't, all right?
can't just be with both of them.	what do you want to do?
but first, say that one more time.	oh, you really want me to?
would you rather suck my dick?	I don't wanna suck anyone's dick.
I don't have that kind of money.	then you and chris are fired.
hey, man, easy on the horn.	you're not gonna get the part.
what did I just say to do?	i'll get him to pay for the tickets.
so, you have no idea who this is?	I don't know who it is.
I don't know who it is.	we know jay's your coke dealer.
do I tell him you're in here?	just ask if he knows where I am.
you have dicks on your mind.	he doesn't know what he's saying.
the girl I met in church?	church is ringing a bell, yeah.
you sold your car without consulting me?	are you even listening to me?
it's not too late for us.	okay, okay, get your own girl.
I wasn't going to take it there.	well you didn't have to, believe me.
the best comedy club in town.	what the fuck are you doing?
you have to stop seeing me that way.	I don't see you like that.
but at least now you're open	to dating women your own age.
what does that have to do...	8 months ago, he was scooped up by argus.
no fucking way, we're not going near that place.	you just said we're basically last.
you just said we're basically last.	what the hell do you know about steel city?
you can't go anywhere at night.	but we need to go now.
so why are you still here?	'cause of this stupid cleanse we were on.
why don't you come in here a minute?	I can hear you fine from out here.
punishment has to fit the crime.	they haven't been convicted of a crime yet.
officer bailey, will you very kindly fuck off!	look, this town isn't so great.
one of the best djs in la.	back then the dj was the man.
and just take the cuffs off.	what is the meaning of this?
you mean you have a you.	she is so much worse than me.
I came to apologize for yelling at you	you don't have to do that.
still up for being my best man?	wouldn't miss it for the world.
or wants to be in your life.	louis, i chose you over him.
louis, I don't speak for all handsome men.	what do you see when you look at me?
you want marissa to be first chair.	I think it's for the best.
this is a nice place you got here.	what are you doing here, harvey?
what are you doing here, harvey?	I need to talk to you.
one more time, but this time mean it.	we are going to win this.
i'd say that's not possible, because she didn't.	well, you've got documents, and I have one too.
it doesn't mean she opened it,	according to the city, that doesn't matter.
you really think we could do that?	I don't know, but I know we can try.
louis, what-- what are you doing here?	I need to bring you a few things.
[keypad tones] - [cell phone vibrates]	♪ royal blues ♪ - _
there are things out there too.	things that want to get in.
you're never going back to that place...	solomon told me I had to go
silly cocktail or doesn't like man u.	no, no, no, this is more...
I should have gone, not harry.	yeah, and then we'd be looking for you.
yeah, if I can fucking find it.	and you're gonna fucking like it, too.
he... he looks dead to me.	this is spartan 33 sending in the blind.
the only safe thing in my life.	what was I supposed to do?
sekou, why did they let you go?	sekou, is it true you were recruited by isis?
sekou, why did they let you go?	sekou, is it true you were
♪ out of nothing at all ♪	in the end, sometimes we need that little push
♪ out of nothing at all ♪	god, so much has changed since then.
♪ out of nothing at all ♪	even back then, I knew I loved you.
oh, I know you like the hair.	oh, you know I like the hair.
oh, you know I like the hair.	I know you like the hair.
I know you like the hair.	that's why you did it, huh?
I know you like the hair.	you know I like the hair.
you know I like the hair.	I know you like the hair.
do eli's guests have access to this elevator?	some of the more high-profile ones.
look, she wants to get paid.	I get it, but ain't nothing for free.
are you trying to kill me?	sorry, I just... wanted to see you.
they have the pressure on them now.	i'm looking forward to the next round.
i'm looking forward to the next round.	I hope to get one there too.
I hope to get one there too.	now I have to just not lose it here.
when did you two split up?	she left when she was 17.
I have not seen her, norman.	what do you mean you haven't seen her, chick?
or when I needed help with anything	that really matters in my life?
we're still gathering evidence, miss holt.	i've got a deadline to meet.
this entire area is now a crime scene.	just because some silly girl drowned?
yeah, it'd be a little creepy.	oh, the dead have much to say.
don't get cute with us, pal.	she wanted to interview you, didn't she?
yeah, not exactly a big field.	a close personal friend of the mayor.
what'd you throw in the toilet?	the, uh, salami in the fridge.
so nice to meet you, president meyer.	oh, that's so nice of you.
no, no, no, no, no, no.	you want me to go with?
I mean, I have $400 right now.	i'll see if I have some time.
I also think that your makeup is very dark.	yeah, we can't really see your eyes.
yeah, we can't really see your eyes.	and it's been kind of dark this whole journey.
you may join the other girls.	girl, I finally won my first challenge.
we're sorry we asked about him.	we didn't mean to upset you.
when we were living with uncle monty...	I said I don't talk about that.
that leaves you with the doll.	plenty of boys enjoy playing with dolls.
when I spilled some on my leg.	and a very handsome leg it was.
now, let's get a fried egg in you, madam.	I would like that very much.
oh, you're not gonna tell me?	no, i'm not gonna tell you.
it was always about your mother.	yes, of course it was about mom for me.
honest with ourselves, honest with each other.	you got to see your mom again.
I hear you're out of a job.	I was wondering who would come to me first.
why don't we talk about titan?	you've been chasing it, haven't you?
it would certainly explain her appearance, despite her age.	run a full battery on her.
how can we stop his... return?	not in the future, but the past.
to talk to them and let them know ...	we'll make good on it, I know.
his death might tear them apart.	I still can't believe he's gone.
I was fresh out of school ...	I don't have time for a history lesson.
probably about 50 metres above us right now.	you would not want to look down.
what, did you not see his record?	I don't care about his record.
you were the one that were backing me...	I didn't know what was going
or maybe he's just a coward.	you don't get paid to think.
you don't get paid to think.	and kid flash ain't no coward.
I hope my love of science...	should we go talk to him?
what do you hope I know?	are you offering to bankroll a fresh start?
I want to see wozniak now.	haven't even had my coffee yet.
woz wanted me to make an appearance.	it'd be nice if he made an appearance.
then why did they let you go?	who said they let me go?
and you're sure you want to walk through it?	you made that choice for me.
bet you say that to all the ladies.	[indistinct police radio chatter] [indistinct chatter]
we had fun on that desk.	but city hall has better coffee.
close enough that they'll never suspect.	this was your plan all along?
is that the one with the three bears?	if you were to drop the charges... it's done.
if you were to drop the charges... it's done.	I thought you were on the "a" s.
I thought you were on the "a" s.	my hands are more tied than his.
do you two think you can play me?	I didn't know anything about julia.
gives your face a whole new feel. -	woz will love it, i'm sure.
I just think it's such a genius idea.	anyway, guys, while they talk about my idea...
and i'm going to talk over you.	they don't have their own product line.
every day, if I want to?	yeah, if you really wanted to.
yeah, i've got so much stuff.	let me go and deal with her.
I didn't wanna lie to you.	but you've been lying to me.
I thought i'd learn from the best.	well, we were good, weren't we?
of the past few minutes, okay?	no, I don't want to die.
synced and corrected by vitosilans -	web-dl resynced by lonewolf - -- font co
♪ I know you wanna love ♪	♪ but I just wanna fuck... ♪
do you want my men to help?	no, your men belong with you.
'cause I think we're in the same place.	we're gonna die ryan, we're gonna die!
what could we possibly have to talk about?	we have plenty to discuss still.
please don't do this to her...	i'm not doing this, you are...
why the fuck didn't you just tell me that?	my son was dying slowly every day.
what did you do with the money?	how are we even fucking related?
we have to get in there!	yeah, we need to get in there.
we have been looking for you!	you scared the crap out of me!
♪ sinking in my thoughts ♪	...and I know that in this case...
...and I know that in this case...	♪ so pull me from the waves, oh ♪
♪ the lights come on ♪	♪ the music dies ♪ - ...for anything.
for the rest of the trial.	what did you do to him?
look, it's a very complicated issue.	and there's lots of case law.
I don't know where he is.	then call him and find out.
I mean, when did this chef quit?	I was just gonna take an uber.
you don't even know what's going on...	I know exactly what's going on.
you don't know how to swim.	man, of course I know how to swim.
ma'am, please stay in the car.	you want him to get out?
ma'am get back in the car.	because he's black, is that why.
synced and corrected by vitosilans -	web-dl resynced by lonewolf - -- font c
I made the best decision for the company.	this isn't what we talked about.
but I still have to do all...	I would've straightened up, but amber couldn't sleep.
I wonder who's the skank who wrote this!	I don't even know what this means.
how to put it in, so i...	mom, we just had this conversation.
he doesn't have to do that.	and working for chuck has never gotten easier.
the thing I always promised my...	chuck, you need to be chuck.
it has nothing to do with that.	this has to do with my brother.
I almost shed a tear myself.	I did what I had to do.
you've got to wait for them to approach you.	she'll be waiting a long time, though.
stop pining for me, i'm not...	my dad told me to wait up here.
just be a man and say it, innit?	I adore every inch of you.
he got other guys to take	the risk while he stayed safe.
how do you know about that?	she's the talk of the hotel.
and you're just not hearing me.	you humiliated me in front of millions of people.
let's get ready for a second.	i'll be back in a minute, rhys.
we're just asking about his bike.	you've seen it at the house.
why didn't you take her in?	she didn't want to do that.
now I kinda want a goddess party.	i'll throw you a goddess party.
why do you need to ruin all the fun?	you don't think this is fun?
jessica isn't here, but I am.	I think I know what you may need.
what does that have to do with this?	you just promised to never let tara down again.
i'll apologize and promise i'll never do it again.	and you don't see a problem with that pattern?
harvey, do you remember arthur reeves?	you mean the guy who played superman?
this is a press release announcing your partnership.	it's more than just a press release.
which had nothing to do with how she died.	and manner of death isn't at issue here.
well, did you tell him that?	yes, of course, but he couldn't hear me.
and you didn't think i should know that?	I didn't think that it would be relevant.
I didn't think that it would be relevant.	it sure as hell seems relevant.
well, now it's a definite no.	why does that make it a definite no?
thanks for making the time to see me, jessica.	I will always make time to see you, harvey.
what am I supposed to do about that?	this can't be the first time they've done this.
no way, they won't go for admission.	okay, then here's what you're gonna do instead.
and you didn't think I should know that?	I didn't think that it would be relevant.
you are not getting my office.	oh, yes, I am 'cause she's gone, harvey.
he must think I have a case.	you do have a case, harry.
I think you want it both ways.	and what the hell is that
I came here to tell you	that the deal's off the table.
one for you, one for me.	you are not getting my office.
it's your last official act as my secretary.	I told you once before I wouldn't leave you
bullshit, you're afraid and you're jealous.	and this entire firm knows it.
about an hour after your plane took off.	then you've already heard his side of the story...
then you've already heard his side of the story...	and I don't need to hear yours.
well, how's this for big picture?	I think you want it both ways.
how exactly do you know her?	emilia and I go way back.
you sure that's a good idea?	oh, it's all part of the dance.
you do not have to say anything.	i'm going to get the kids.
the first time I saw you two together...	no, no, no, no, no, okay?
were three people in that room -	liam, the killer and someone else.
why would he want to warn me?	maybe he thought you were in danger, too.
right, you need to come with us.	i'm going nowhere without a lawyer.
why are you talking like i.	didn't just pass my junior test?
only celebrate - at the end?	where's the fun - in that?
I thought you were trying to.	put a sticky note on my back.
where's the fun - in that?	I don't think shin - believes in fun.
you're judging me - before knowing me?	whoa, whoa, carley, - this was going so well.
who has to sit out - during gym class?	well, at least - you have that now.
i'm supposed - to hold you up.	it's not your fault - you suck.
it's not your fault - you suck.	you're evil, - you know that?
you're evil, - you know that?	hey, i'm giving you - a private skating lesson
hey, i'm giving you - a private skating lesson	at a severely discounted - rate, so chill.
well I would lay off - the singing	'cause you don't want - to ruin your voice.
a senior official at - the national hockey league.	it is so nice to - meet you, carley.
it is so nice to - meet you, carley.	my wife and I - love your videos.
the fbi had the bomb guys there...	but, mitch for crying out loud!
father, I want to fight them!	you will do as I say!
the only business I mind is my own.	so when's your lease actually up?
we're gonna take really good care of her.	can I go in and see her?
someplace you won't be overrun by an angry mob.	there weren't supposed to be that many people inside.
chicago med has lost another victim.	that brings it up to 36.
but it's the only way, al.	hey, when justin was killed, what did you do?
so you don't have much time.	you have to get a move on.
he must have felt really threatened.	baby, just pack up her stuff, ok?
so what are you gonna do about it?	i'm gonna get my mind back.
well, can she prove a connection?	it's all instinct at this point.
just making a little video of the trip.	you know you can't show it to anyone.
is it your first time on a private plane?	it's my first time on any plane.
well did you have my number?	no, I mean we'll call you.
then why do you sit with us?	because I don't have any friends.
please put ned back on the phone.	you should tell her how you feel.
you should tell her how you feel.	seriously, you are so lucky we won!
but we have a spanish quiz.	ned, i'm probably never gonna come back here.
i'm an associate of peter parker.	he has something very important to tell you...
he just surprised the heck out of us.	did you guys screw this up?
then why do you sit with us?	'cause I don't have any friends.
wait, what do you mean, fbi?	the fbi is the federal bureau of investigation...
oh don't doubt the supernatural my friend.	nah, I don't really believe in that stuff, so...
no no, not what I was thinking.	wow that really lame you guys.
what if he doesn't make it?	hey, hey, hey, what is that?
alright, well were you wearing your glasses?	what is that supposed to mean?
did you get a description of the person?	no, I just walked in and found her.
what do you guys make of her?	she definitely knows more than she's telling us.
but could we just wait 'til she gets back?	oh my gosh, you guys are such babies.
nah, I don't really believe in that stuff, so...	it's the clay of the dead,
it hasn't moved in two days.	I don't need to be sure.
jesus can break bread with a tax collector.	I think this is a little bit different.
team yellow is after overall victory.	I believe that we can win now.
I believe that we can win now.	but team red refuses to give up.
but team red refuses to give up.	we must give it everything we can.
and you can tell me what's what?	you know, don't make this a thing.
hey how much is 1 car?	you will not be able to afford it.
I thought so. - 130 million dollars.	130 million dollars for a beautiful diamond here.
now, according to ancient india ..	do not teach me how to love my country
you know how to drive it?	go find your own car, quick!
if you won't read it, I will.	it's too much for a human mind to bear.
not as big a deal as they made it.	they gave me too much credit.
I knew the dangers and ...	and you thought I was one of them.
let me see what I can do.	you know, I have to admit ...
what is it you want, aida?	the thing that gave me a soul.
but there's no safe in that room.	which is why we cloaked the book.
you're putting us on the news?	that'd be good for me, thanks.
I know, this is my honesty box.	let me have a look at it.
do you want a juice box?	where was that an hour ago?
okay, get me a clean compress now, please.	ma'am, you're not gonna believe this.
we need to get you to a hospital.	you wanna knock me up, doc?
you wanna knock me up, doc?	just 'cause I can do it.
just 'cause I can do it.	ma'am, time is of the essence here.
and you get to buy my book.	can't you just give me a copy?
no, well, the second thing you remember about him.	he was buried in a piano case.
ma'am, i'm sure it'll be fun.	no, a library is good for you.
I don't think he knows why he's here.	he's just a little boy chasing girls.
oh, if she wants to train.	well, i'm not gonna make her train.
well, now she's looking into me.	your signature is on that form.
but if I hadn't said anything...	we'd be celebrating over drinks at the cast party.
what the hell are you doing?	you have nothing left to find.
I would feel it in my bones!	darling, that is a fantasy of love.
no, I don't think that it would...	oh, too late, you're getting one.
of course we do... how could	yes, it is a terrible idea.
it was in the palm grove.	yeah, it was in the palm grove.
do you consider that a big one?	about as big as they get.
I just hope the check is ready 'cause...	karlous, we're on the same side, buddy.
karlous, we're on the same side, buddy.	I don't believe that for one second.
nobody's laughing, 'cause nobody knows the reference.	only those us three got it.
josh, you're in full roast mode right now.	i'm so jacked up right now.
damn, she's like a fucking super genius.	I can't make my wife come.
I can't make my wife come.	definitely the vicious battle of the night.
I didn't stay out of it.	no, you didn't stay out of it.
wanna know why I never wrote you back?	I do, I really, really do.
what did zeph want to talk about?	I don't know, stupid science stuff.
spare some time for an old friend?	when were we ever new friends?
I think he's talking about you.	i'm talking about all of you.
now commencing descent to the loading dock.	looks like it's just me and...
so who do you think did it?	your guess is as good as mine.
yes, then the bad times came.	but the girl had a plan.
three times the force of gravity, remember?	yeah, that definitely rings a bell.
commander, please, you have to stop him...	i've been wandering around your memories in here.
this is about pawter, isn't it?	just stop talking to me, john.
oh, girl, 'cause I was about to...	but it is a blind date.
we need to take him to a hospital.	all right, let's use my car.
right and I would never wanna...	and you are my fake mom.
yeah, the kids used to say that.	what kids used to say that?
what kids used to say that?	I heard a couple of kids say it.
what the hell was that all about?	look, son, we didn't mean to.
all this can jump up my ass.	well, if you're going to act that way,
well, if you're going to act that way,	why did we say we'd like to stay?
think we can get there first?	hell, yeah, first is my middle name.
uh, son, are you out of your damn mind?	come on, pop, there's kids here...
just while the adults are off, doing adult things.	yes, i'm getting a new baby brother.
wait, but, we can't leave this area.	well, screw that, it's ice cream.
they're standing around watching us fight among ourselves.	don't think they're just out here having fun?
it's an old woody allen joke.	okay, so you see this ridge here.
I guess we'll never know what we could've been.	no, no, no, no booze, no bottle.
there's a... there's a bat on your head.	guys, guys, guys, come on, i'm not a moron.
look who the good influence is over here.	it just looks like a poker chip painted green.
to sell him to the cartel?	they wanted to sell the boy,
they wanted to sell the boy,	they could have done that here.
i'm sorry, it was an accident.	you stupid, son of a bitch!
matt, it's nice to meet you.	i'm good, nice to meet you.
oh, my god, you're bleeding everywhere.	I just nicked it before and...
I don't know where they're from.	we do know where they're from.
♪ one man solitary ♪ - [sirens wailing]	♪ and no city ♪ - [tires screech]
which seems lazy and on the nose.	you should say something to her.
i-i never knew there might be	such a thing as a boy.
I never knew there might be	such a thing as a boy.
I wanna go up and around.	no, he should get the surgery
nice, got me when I yeast expected it.	all right, buddy, you've got to stop.
anyway, cassie doesn't even know me yet.	I think you owe it to yourself.
no, she's the face of the group.	mm-mm, not the group that I own.
♪ can't sleep ♪ - ♪ can't sleep ♪	♪ can't eat ♪ - ♪ can't eat ♪
no, you can forget about the job.	but you're still gonna name a character after me?
wouldn't the person already know that	if they were at the precinct?
i'll run it by the studio.	he's gonna run it by the studio, rosa.
let's take you to the station.	I need to speak to him.
I don't know, I just got here.	I assumed she was with you.
I assumed she was with you.	I thought she was with you.
I need to talk to the lighting guy.	i'll get out front and stall.
oh, mike, now's not a good time.	i'm laying out her shoes, mike!
oh, no, you can just tell me.	I can hear you fine from where I am.
you guys take the next one.	oh, I don't know where you guys are going.
we strive for equality - _	yet we're more divided than ever.
and she tried to kill hanna.	she didn't know who I was.
it's not part of my plan.	well, I don't know your plan.
let me just call you back.	wait, you asking me out or...?
act like you been here before.	oh, that's how y'all living now?
they give you time off school?	look, I was going to say...
now, look, yes, I do remember.	and you blamed me for that.
and you blamed me for that.	well, yeah, you put it in there.
well, I never told you that.	but it was too late for him.
bet you're glad to be leaving.	♪ let me get over you ♪
♪ get out of my life ♪	♪ and let me sleep at night... ♪
we're getting some heart rate up.	let's get this baby out now.
our family has arranged the marriage.	well, you'll have to change that.
yeah, doesn't play by the rules.	you reckon that's a good thing?
it happens all the time, so...	I like titties so I opened a titty bar.
apparently, they're gonna rob a bank.	there's something going out between those brothers.
um, who told you about our little...	david, just the guy I wanted to see.
but if I have to ...	I wake up and face death every day.
radcliffe gets us to may ...	she said she couldn't help us.
I know that I can ...	how am I supposed to trust you?
to steal the box in the first place.	I think they're right about that.
how was I supposed to know?	I asked you to find him.
what the fuck are you talking about?	it didn't start with the kids.
did you hear what they said?	no, I couldn't make out the words.
however, the abbot is on one shoulder,	your nephew is on the other.
so, you'd mean it, would you?	yeah, that's kinda how it works, hun.
i'm just gonna go down, floor by floor.	we need to find another way.
but it's already been a fucking week.	yes, so it won't be long now, will it?
i've always wondered... why the mask?	if you're gonna promise death, best look the part.
hope you like what you see.	come on, i'll show you inside.
this is gonna end the way I want.	there's only one way this'll end, paul.
if you'd been here just five minutes earlier...	not even a cup of coffee?
you could be a great writer.	oh. and it's because of your drinking.
only if they beat up my patients.	so he fell down the stairs?
so you're just getting in the heat.	I don't really drink that much, doctor.
your husband has proposed to me.	why are you dragging this out?
it'll be easier for you with one kid.	we must tell them the truth then.
I need one for my patient.	I may try to find one.
what would you advise this girl to do?	her boyfriend should use his tongue.
all should have the right to have them,	and to know how to have them.
aunt wanda loves you so much	that she must be going crazy now.
are you here for long, doctor?	it's just a short spontaneous visit.
my car's right there, but I can't take it,	and I can't talk to you.
well, why would I do that?	I don't know, tony, you tell me.
to the power of the machine.	listen, just clean up your act or else
I have no choice at this point.	don't go crazy, don't go crazy.
I came to talk to you about chip.	yes, well, there was an incident...
and how long were you together before the incident?	can we... can we take a break?
i've been projected into your memory.	i've been looking, and no one would tell me...
on the word of the witness,	things you taught him to write.
I can tell you how to kill the witness.	they've come for me, father, mother, too.
they look for redemption from the people they've killed.	you know who killed old you that day?
we were hoping to find our son.	well, such is the great irony of our meeting.
look, I gotta go soon, but, um...	why do you have to go?
a gift from someone in the kitchen.	and water and ice for the baudelaires.
we're not going anywhere until we have a word.	you can't walk into my house like this.
do you want me to take a look?	I have to go to work now, but later?
this is all right with me.	can you not listen to yourself?
it finds a way of getting back in.	is there anything I can do?
you seem to know a lot about it.	I don't know anything about it.
were you drinking with her as well?	she gave me a drink, all right?
you don't have to be sorry.	but for causing hassle at work...
♪ ice ice baby, vanilla ♪	♪ ice ice baby, vanilla ice ♪
what are you guys talking about?	we want you to have our baby.
get out, or I will throw you out.	ward, you need to back off.
wait, what is he doing here?	he doesn't need to keep going.
we will see you next time, everyone.	that's right, see you next time!
we should have the last place.	how it looks cool out, man.
it's not a good idea that you are here.	now he is here, so now we enjoy.
when we have to buy new players.	we still have the same money.
the reactions are part of the work.	you can not mean it, right?
we just shows things as they are.	can any dry up over here?
i'll call, and then we go for a walk.	yes, we go for a walk.
well, come on, time for a break.	no, i'd like to finish this side today.
you can sleep when you're dead.	it may literally come to that.
she told us not to tell you.	why are you telling me now?
why are you telling me now?	because I want to go to sleep.
you need to hop on board.	hey, you got the hat for it.
not even the ones about you?	wait, I thought it was just pictures.
did you just wink at her?	yeah, why are you guys acting so weird?
okay, come on, let's just go.	but katie, I do have genitals.
♪ and i... ♪ - _	♪ will always love you ♪ - _
♪ will always love you ♪ - _	♪ I will always ♪ - _
to fight a war on our soil.	we can't push back too hard.
are you looking forward to it?	i've no idea what we'll be doing.
we must pack the bags properly.	what do you think will happen?
I saw that I came in front of them.	but then he loses the stick.
and keep looking for a job.	the same thing they told me.
you have to write it off.	you'll have to bring in more gear.
what if I don't want to?	then you don't get your shifter back.
I feel like i'm getting anxious.	well, surely that's not a surprise.
someone that can assure the safety of your family.	as long as you play nice.
look, we have to get her.	we are gonna get her back.
I can't tell you how happy that makes me.	you're not gonna cry, are you?
and then what did you do?	what do you think I did?
this says your son died of a heart attack.	yes, a heart attack out of nowhere.
stephanie, we need to talk about this assignment.	is there a problem with it?
is there a problem with it?	yes, the problem is you didn't do it.
how does having it at my place sound?	you're a crafty one, aren't you?
so it's my fault that you're dropping my case?	yeah, I like to look at it that way.
the last guy brought me a plant.	let me guess, the last guy was louis.
is that name supposed to mean something to me?	no, but i'm representing the family of chris reyes.
he must think i'm pretty dumb.	people always underestimate a pretty face.
people always underestimate a pretty face.	maybe he just thinks you're dumb.
you don't know what you saw, louis.	i'm sorry, I forgot I was blind.
what would I do without you, doc?	no need to go down that road, my friend.
where do you think I got your names?	I don't give a shit where you got 'em.
what the hell did you just say?	was somebody out to get him?
this isn't a small thing, what we're doing, harvey.	at least it's not to me.
this has stephanie's name on it.	I don't care whose name is on it.
do you mind if I ask you why not?	because I don't want my first official act
because there's a conflict with masterson construction.	mike's pro bono is against some prison.
I know that, but they're saying...	I don't care what they're saying.
you want to run that by me again?	I just ran it by you.
I don't need to listen to you anymore.	god damn it, I almost died in there.
I am worried about what I think.	and what is it that you think?
just listen to what I have to say.	I don't need to listen to you anymore.
where do you think i got your names?	I don't give a shit where you got 'em.
I don't need to listen to you anymore.	god damn it, i almost died in there.
I thought mrs. miller was speaking here tonight.	am I in the wrong class?
we got a great live show.	come on, come on, come on.
there were two murders in this house.	two murders, how do you miss that?
shoot, and don't leave out any details.	well, that's the thing, not much to tell.
please don't make me do this.	jerry, take that knife and slit your throat.
oh no, no, i'm josh, i'm josh.	josh, sorry man, I get you guys confused.
I should go before we lose the connection.	wait a minute, please don't disappear again.
wait a minute, please don't disappear again.	I promise, i'll be there soon.
yeah, jesus, we thought you were dying or something.	i'm sorry, I thought I was past that part.
if you wanna call them that.	you can move things with your mind?
no, no, no, i'm the director.	no, honey, I want the camera now.
the video you're seeing right now...	dude, I know where this is.
I would have loved to see	either of you up there by yourselves.
either of you up there by yourselves.	you should have seen your face.
♪ rolling ♪ - ♪ yeah ♪	♪ rolling ♪ - ♪ all right ♪
I don't think you should be here.	what are you doing with my son?
what the fuck is wrong with you?	what the fuck's wrong with you?
I can get us into that wing.	he's paranoid, trusting only a few.
can we not talk about this later?	no, I need to meet today.
if the police come here ...	why would the police come here?
the exhibition is about less than a week.	of course you get a description.
I do not want it on.	do you not want it on?
do you not want it on?	it is so beautiful with the flowers.
it is so beautiful with the flowers.	I do not want it on.
no, I would like to have this here on.	you can not have that on.
do you know the penalty for that?	we have no idea what you're talking about.
where have you seen hannah last?	she drove back here over the ice.
would you like me to take it off?	'then i'd really have to press charges.
you realise i'm the smart one?	as you never cease to announce.
that certainly narrows it down to half the planet	what kind of a plane are you on?
I mean, I get a lot of those.	what would you say is worse?
you've got that glow about you.	I did not take a case...
you live in a mansion, right?	of course I own a mansion.
is that the hotel dvd player?	they expect you to take souvenirs.
look at the state of this place.	ok, look, maybe it's not so...
now I wanna know what you were using.	why do you do this, dan?
which is an excellent choice, by the way.	oh, my god, this is really happening.
you did violate her trust, and that's big.	did you start the apology tour yet?
the less you know, the better.	I think that's up to me to decide.
he was into his games, all right.	what kind of games did he play?
it's not available to the public.	really? - but he or she is a genius.
well, we have to do something.	they just killed your boy in broad daylight.
wait, rob, I can't hear you.	I said, "i love you!" - rob?
well, go on back to the hotel then!	I told you, I don't have time.
get your ass on the bike!	hey, but I ain't riding bitch!
what do you want from me?	I want you to be somebody else.
then we get crushed to death.	yeah, yeah, do it, do it.
I want to work with you.	is that what you wanted to hear?
oh, he said it was in the manifesto.	did she say it at the manifesto launch?
okay, what in god's name are we gonna do?	let's get the hell out of here.
he'll lead us right to her.	but the order has to be followed.
i'm here and so is he.	should we wait for the cops?
they're going to digitally age her.	what do you think you're doing?
what do you think you're doing?	get your hands off my wife.
they have to keep all eight	from each team in the game.
my dad took it from us.	where did he put it ?
I don't know who we're fighting.	let's go to yemen and find out.
poseidon has left us here to die.	we still got one card left to play.
if the rebels take the city, we're dead.	you've told us that a thousand times, sid.
i'm just talking to you, sam.	yeah, because you fancy my mum.
I mean, you know, he's sleeping.	tandy, just go say good night to him.
tandy, just go say good night to him.	yeah, but I don't want to bug him, he's...
yeah, but I don't want to bug him, he's...	tandy, just go say good night.
and look what happened to him.	yes, died aged 36 of a fever.
we'll have plenty of dirty dishes.	well, whatever you eat, you have mastered this meal.
what do you want this time?	I want out of this fresh hell.
oh yeah, why is he going to work now?	they need some extra help at the plant.
what the hell is that supposed to mean?	so what, i'm not going to trout camp.
five hundred bucks is a lot of money.	i'm more interested in smelling like a fish
don't let up where we're setting up camp.	yeah, but we don't want them to know that.
thank you so much mr. mulligan, that's awesome.	I understand, there's a lot of questions.
that's what you said last time.	i'm a little short this month okay.
bro, if I explain this weed in your car,	I told you we didn't need pot.
it's like no with the mushrooms.	come on dudes, it's our last fucking trout camp.
then you're doing it wrong dude.	no, i'm pretty sure i've done it right.
yeah, I heard that one before.	I finally get you alone without your loser friends.
can't, I don't feel so good.	goddess camp, if there were naked chicks out here,
hi fellas, think you can help me out here?	what can we do for you?
what can we do for you?	looking for a high school boy.
hey, bonjour mike, you're not on duty today?	no, I was, I worked a double.
you did a pretty good job patching me up.	well, you're lucky it wasn't any worse.
me catching that fish turned the little one on.	then why don't they come over here?
then why don't they come over here?	'cause then we'd think they're easy.
you guys haven't lured them over here yet?	they're never coming over here with you around.
they're never coming over here with you around.	men and women are meant to be together.
oh, thanks, I mean, it's just a hobby.	collecting beer cans is a hobby.
you don't have to be rude becca.	this is a girls only weekend.
you could smoke a little joint with one hit.	I don't know what you're talking about.
that was so moses wouldn't get killed.	exactly, so this asshole should consider himself lucky.
so you were tripping on mushrooms.	yeah, that's what i'd say too.
okay, i'll give it to you.	okay, let me get out my pen.
dude, I think you ran a red light.	you guys just take a chill pill alright!
I think stash just saved our asses.	these little assholes aren't going to win.
i'd rather lose my left nut.	well, we're still gonna see each other around?
is this where we all hug and cry?	nah, I mean, we can skip that right?
we got to talk to her.	make sure he's our client, too.
i'm not putting her back on the phone.	put kai back on the damn phone!
we need to talk to her.	she's the only one who can unlock these symbols.
she had michael and then lost him.	no, but that's not gonna happen to us.
but i'm not gonna pull that thread.	yeah, we'll keep it light today.
should I just turn myself in?	how can you say that to me?
hope I didn't catch you at a bad time.	oh, no, no, no trouble at all.
well, we kind of knew that was gonna happen.	but it's all connected to us.
what is that supposed to mean?	you know exactly what it means.
the teacher who was here before you.	she wasn't a very good teacher.
whatever she is, she's not herself.	matt, you need to take a breath.
how much do you love your mama?	I love my mama so much!
you and your boys up for one last op?	I would not be opposed to that, sir.
...with a drink in my hand.	key west ain't an island either it's a key.
fox seven moving into position, 3 o'clock.	does anybody know what that is?
I don't take orders from you!	get us the hell out of here!
it's more of a cold war.	cold war like like they take the summers off?
your lies got my men killed!	and you're gonna get us all killed!
I promise I won't tell the russians.	I promise I will tell the russians.
how much do you love her?	man I love her so much!