how's the disposition of your Siamese cat?			it's, they're just, aggressive by nature
which is often times the case, then			His life isn't worth very much then .
everybody's got, stuff they don't want known.			Right, everybody's got a secret .
I guess I'd prefer that .			Yeah. To the heat. I really don't miss the heat.
You knew of the homes themselves?			I, no, I'm not familiar with those homes per se
how long in advance do they, let them know?			we plan on it, it's the third weekend in August,
You look like you went to a whole bunch,			I bet it tastes good too.
she doesn't want to be left.			Does she ever mess in the house?
No, he wouldn't lay on it.			because that was what he was used to.
Yeah. Uhhuh. We did that too,			some we do green my wife puts them on pizzas.
It was good talking to you.			it was good talking to you.
good we can have a debate.			We'll have some interesting discussion, I guess.
All right, this is easy for me since I,			me too, because I eat out a lot.
you don't have anything right now?			No, we don't have anything right now.
I imagine in Argentina you've got some great foods.			Yeah, we got, a lot of, European dishes.
that's what I do every day.			Yeah. Do you play every day?
there really wasn't a problem that way.			Right, right, right. that's a real good idea.
How much chili sauce did you say?			It's one of the small bottles.
except that I consider them my children .			Yeah, our cats are our kids or,
absolutely, preapproved. That's their favorite word.			Yes. Everybody in the country is preapproved, I think.
My fiancee is down there .			I see. does he work for a company down there?
Yeah, it is. It's real exciting.			I'll have to look for those.
I try to fool everybody .			I think you're doing a good job.
Uh, no, we don't have a state inspection,			So, which I, I don, I would assu,
today it's not bad out there.			No, it's nice. I just came in from outside
it's still on, to the best of my knowledge.			time wise, how long, was it
I don't know if they have higher turnouts			You do not think so ?
Whereas, Sean Connery has maintained the, ruddy look,			Uhhuh, yeah. I liked his accent too.
Uhhuh. Do you do that very often?			I haven't done it in quite awhile
Ugh, those are neat cats, too.			Yeah, I've just learned about that breed.
Are there a lot of trailers around there?			Yeah, there are there's a big military constituency.
Yeah, I have a couple kids .			Okay, that's probably influenced maybe a little bit .
I'm from Kilgore, Texas it's in east,			Kilgore, I know where Kilgore is.
Are you into serving wines with your dinner party?			sometimes, I'm not a wine connoisseur by any means.
you'll be excused because considering everything .			Yeah, I think that the main issue at home
it's kind of like, soap opera I guess.			Yeah, that's what they said it was kind of,
Yeah, the subject of music .			I, do you play any instruments?
is it, how old is the dog?			It just turned two, I believe.
I like those type of shows.			Yeah, we really enjoy that too.
Should we give it a try?			I guess we might as well .
Oh. I'll be looking for it then.			There not to shabby. They're pretty good.
Which type of Cadillac, is your favorite?			I don't know. I guess the Seville, probably or.
Where do you go for steaks?			It's usually when we're out of town
Right, that would the eight o'clock here.			that's MAJOR DAD at eight I think it is.
Yeah, it's just a hundred miles from here.			What do you take, I Thirtyfive?
That was poor quality, I think.			I think it is too, it was an expensive dress.
restaurant with the lions in the front,			yeah, off of Arapaho down there?
They're talking about, federal government, aren't they?			I'm sure, actually probably any government,
that I can watch over and over.			Ye, di, did you ever see HOME ALONE?
it's kind of like, they were.			Kind of depends on when they get in,
the government really plays a role in this.			Uhhuh, that's right, they pull the strings.
That's good to be in that kind of shape.			We try to stay out of debt .
Yeah. It's just a matter of education, I think.			Yeah, I think that, if they can get enough going,
Is there a reason why you have never,			I've just never been called up.
I've worked there about a year.			That's good. Are they good to work for?
it's not a very valid topic.			No, it's not. Do you have children?
It's good to talk to you.			Yeah. You, too. Thanks for calling.
wonderful. I am too, one hundred percent.			My Dad retired from the federal prison of bureaus.
to keep a better receipt of it. yeah.			anytime like a plane ticket, or, ,
What do you serve with it?			I like to serve, a wild rice with it.
if he had the money to.			Yeah, that's nice. is your husband a singer?
Do you or your husband work for T I,			I'm a contract person at T I
Okay, do you have any pets?			Yeah, I have three cats and a dog.
The other woman didn't cook too much either. Right.			really have a lot of variety.
if they're a behavior problem, they're out.			They don't take them, that's right.
can't even conceive of what they're talking about.			Yeah, when you talk about the trillions of dollars
No. even twothirds majority, it's ,			Yeah, that's, yeah, quorums are to easy to get.
Okay. I guess that was it .			Okay. It was good talking to you.
I certainly do. I think ...			what do you think that problem is?
That's right. What school system does he go to?			In North Garland, he goes t,
everything else was fine, that was a fiasco.			you have to put eggs and everything, don't you.
Have you taken anything back lately, that you've bought?			the only thing we've taken back recently are plants.
Brian in Plano, Texas. How are you doing today?			Hi, fine, I'm Nancy. How are you?
they're like, for example, A C D C.			Yeah, A C D C .
I don't know why I never registered it the,			I don't think you have to register a shotgun .
all day drive just to get to this area.			Right. then we have the same attitude when it's out,
And then, find a school that's good for that.			Yeah. Is that why you picked the school you did
what kind of running do you do?			They have got the track on the inside.
she tells me I dress young, that's okay .			That's a good idea, that's a good idea.
Yeah, is that how your parents feel			it's more my grandma that feels that way.
I think that's all I have.			Okay. it was nice to meet you.
Have you ever tried Chinese type green beans?			The Chinese type. Are they the real,
That's true, I do the same thing .			You get so involved in what you're reading.
Okay, thanks for hearing me rap, I guess .			Got to go take care of the children,
Yeah, they'll run out of space before long.			Yeah, that's, they're already planning a second mountain.
sole or flounder is real good. And even grouper.			we put soy sauce and sesame.
. that's the way to do it.			Yeah, that could be your, fifteen minutes of fame.
if you had done MADAM BUTTERFLY.			I haven't done, I'd love to,
We have a lot of boat people in Texas.			Right. I don't have any problem with that.
Is mowing the lawn a new exercise ?			Yeah, lawn, it's a forty year old house,
You need very minimum four and probably five.			yeah. In fact, six would be real good.
Yeah. Three hundred and fifty dollars .			Yeah, yeah, and they are lovely but,
Is that all we need to say?			Yeah. It's been nice talking to you.
Uhhuh. Yeah. More than, APOCALYPSE NOW .			Uhhuh. Dudley, have we pretty well discussed the subject?
Yeah, you haven't done that before.			No, no, we haven't made that trip yet.
he wrote JANE EHRE, too .			Yeah, yeah. you know who I'm talking about .
would be a small, someone that I knew .			Yeah, well, I would rather do without some things
Don't buy them because you don't need them.			We don, we find we don't need them.
They must really like it there.			Yeah, I got out as soon as I graduated.
Yeah. Which crimes do you feel that?			I think first degree murder, probably warrants it.
What do you think about capital punishment?			I'm kind of in favor of it for certain crimes.
Dayton, Ohio, I'm from North Carolina.			you're from North Carolina. Where in North Carolina?
Did you graduate in a certain field			education. I got a double major.
other than the Vikings, who do you like?			when I was younger, I was a Cardinal fan, too.
I'm kind of ready for the pumpkin weather.			are you? I don't care for that as much.
I'm doing masters in computer science and computer engineering.			what do you think you'll do with that?
you have to be sort of,			you got to look to what they put,
Do you have a favorite instrument?			actually one of my favorite instruments is a harpsichord.
just stick to that, uhhuh. That is,			And then once that was gone, ,
it's not very expensive that way.			you mean I see, everybody could stay together? .
what kind of neat hobbies do you have?			I like gardening a lot, I like to be outside,
Yeah, yeah. It's funny, it's funny I was rea,			that's the way it is with a woman too.
Go somewhere really nice, like Hawaii, and just			Uhhuh, I'll tell you what, if
the other side of it, to me,			What happens if we lose worse.
I was going to say because,			I want to learn to crochet. I,
What other movies have you seen?			saw THE ADDAMS FAMILY last week.
It's a pleasure talking with you.			All right, Ron, we'll see you later.
Gastro LaMink the creative cooking course.			I'll might have to visit the State Book Store.
Uhhuh. AWAKENING, is supposed to be wonderful.			I'd like to see SILENCE OF THE LAMBS.
how wonderful. Are you close to getting it done?			Yeah, yeah, it's getting real close to
with a flood gauge down the street.			gosh, no kidding. Talk about asking for trouble,
about Deer Valley and, resumes talking to B			Always want to go to Canada
The flavor is better I think in between.			in between the size wise yeah,
Right, there's got to be a,			Yo, you can appeal it once.
They're on weekdays at eleven o'clock every day.			Just on some of the tapes.
All right I'm ready to go.			what kind of recycling do you have in your area?
That's interesting. I work in the waiver .			Do you really, that's, I work with Elma.
Have you ever read any of Frank E Peretti's?			Frank E , no I guess I haven't.
with the H I V virus, yeah, I think,			That's in the world, or in America? You,
Do you know where you're going?			I think I'm going to Chappel Hill.
Probably needed some cold beer with it ,			you do eat out a lot.
She had no help? She was alone with them.			I didn't think much. I don't think much.
Yeah. That is what happens .			do you guys have fishing competitions while you are there?
do you, how'd you find out about this?			I was visiting my son down in Dallas,
Yeah, I have a credit union.			Do they have a Mastercard or VISA card?
I just, I can't see that.			That happens on occasion, it sure does,
No, uhhuh, it keeps a long time.			I'm sorry I keep coughing. I've had a bad cold.
I still have this slice ,			are you in your life, are you in school?
Okay, it's nice to talk to you.			It was great talking with you.
I hope your garden does good.			Yeah. And the same to you.
what is that called? The JudeoChristian ethic. JudeoChristian ethic.			that may be right. It's in there some place.
now she can't sell it. our neighbors,			prices have come down on the homes, the duplexes.
Like Oakland A's and the Giants I really do.			Sure, sure, uhhuh, Cincinnati. Yeah, there sure are.
Wondering how you keep up on the news.			Primarily with our local newspaper and T V.
Isn't that pretty. I love it down there.			it is beautiful. That is really beautiful.
did you see, DRIVING MISS DAISY?			Yeah, I didn't think that one was near as good.
Do you use a regular mayonnaise or,			Sometimes I do sometimes I use the Miracle Whip.
Supposed to be a great babysitter .			Yeah, they're not entertained for too long with it. He's,
I didn't know you could do that.			yeah, you can, if you can reverse the,
How do you feel about gun control?			I don't think that guns should be outlawed
we just share off like that.			Uhhuh. Do you get the full benefits?
movie. That is a real cute show.			That has good moral values too.
it was families had just loads of musicians .			Yeah, they just went from generation,
Yeah. Where have you gone there?			We've gone to, Germany, Switzerland, Austria, Ireland and England.
it was great to talk to you.			It was nice talking to you, too, Beth.
I thought, it's so much better.			They say it has really made a difference, though.
I won't have anything to do with.			Yeah. Yeah. Right. it was nice talking to you.
it was fun. I really enjoyed it.			how'd you learn to do that
I know. It's about one of my favorite movies.			have you, gotten into SCARLETT yet?
Yeah. I was going to say.			we hear a lot about, New York City.
Okay, have you painted something lately?			Yes, I have. That room I showed you.
that was a pretty scary movie, too.			Yeah, I think they did a pretty good job, ,
we wouldn't have that problem, because we're not vegetarians.			what do you look for when you,
We like it. It's the best.			channel five for some reason has always been
No, there's so much more, then that it starts,			the way you were mentioning, yeah.
Okay. Do you have any pets?			Yes, I have a dog and cat now.
Yeah, we sort of stayed to the topic anyway.			Yeah, we tried. It's hard to sometimes.
Right, it never snows down here,			we don't have any snow here now.
that kind of thing. Where do you work?			I'm a graduate student right now at Carnegie Mellon.
Mark Spitz made a lot of money on it.			That's true, that's true, you know they still,
look who she was running against, .			yeah, anybody could beat Claytie in Texas.
you feel in a lot better shape			Yeah, ready to go another twelve hours.
My word isn't that sorry. That's sorry.			I mean it was ready for the graveyard.
and get it all over the headlines.			yeah I guess it's what sells newspapers,
Yeah, Rochester is right on the shores, isn't it?			Yeah, we're about ten miles south of Lake Ontario.
I don't have a Master Charge, thank you .			our whole system is built on owing
that was kind of a surprise At lea,			Yeah. You kind of wonder what really happened.
soon, I've enjoyed talking to you.			good talking to you too. Bye,
Yeah, yeah it's a fun few days.			What's there to see in Austin?
how long did it take you all?			a couple of week ends we would go down
that's true, that still goes on.			that, if, I go to Townsend
Okay, things have become much more enlightened since then.			They couldn't have gotten anymore in the dark ages .
That's right. I got to be going,			Okay, hey, I appreciate the call.
Okay, what kind of music do you like?			I, several years ago a radio broke in my car
Do you, isn't that funny, so is my favorite.			you know why, because I grew up in North Carolina,
I live in Texas now. Where are you?			I'm in Texas. I'm in Austin.
no it's got, Cheech Marin .			really, that must be pretty good then, was it good.
good luck on your graduation and your ...			All righty, thank you. It was nice talking to you.
what are the colors in your house?			kind of a mauve and gray.
you know all about it then.			Yes, I enjoy it a lot.
Yeah, I think that may be.			If you use drugs, you won't get the job.
I don't just spend all my time,			with your time when you get into it.
Was it hard when you first came?			yes it was. Because we're here eighteen years
All right. nice talking to you.			Nice talking to you. Have a good time.
good thing, it's not going to,			I'm not talking about just in the school system.
yeah, in the winter we do more concert stuff			How many people in your band?
yeah, you were getting slandered, I think,			We were having some pretty healthy
come out just stinking , the whole thing.			Exactly, yeah, they're really getting into that
Are you in the market for a car recently?			Yeah, I just bought a car.
I always watch that. I think it's so beautiful.			Yeah, I like to catch the gymnastics sometimes, too.
