what do you mean by; "non-ose version of virtualbox"	non-opensource...it works better (like giving good usb redirection)
which phone? see if gammu supports it	it is a sonyericsson t630
where should the .conkyrc be? $home?	perhaps you installed a bad extension?
apt-cache search for tha package name	what else should i reinstall ?
can chrome be on ubuntu?	you can run Google Chrome or Chromium (open source version)
when you install with apt-get	check the bottom of the man page, under FILES
did you check the volume controls?	I've tried alot of combinations in alsamixer
that would be a java file	thanks, never worked with java
ubuntu install on macbookpro anyone?	i am runnin it on a macbook
add users and rw to your /etc/fstab file	I am mounting this on the fly not on startup
or use liveCD and mount the internal partition	k i will try that
why would u do that?	I'm fixing a broken debian isntalation
Me neither, it's okay, I'll wait or reinstall.	I'd be super curious if a fresh OS fixes it
i have a on board but its desctiveted on bios	 askreet_away, Loaded ALSA modules " "
I'm not certain. I just did: sudo apt-get install amarok	that will work, but read the linkie for 1.4.1 instructions
whats that program to edit what starts on startup?	 system startup in general or desktop startup?
it daily shows around 80 mb updates	you don't *have* to get all updates :)
can you help me find a complete dosbox.deb	go here, download, and build from source
Says "no wireless extensions." for lo, eth0, and sit0	got me....you probably have to point ubuntu at the device
it has a menu shortcut?	IIRC everything in the menu is a shortcut
 yeah i just loading :)	: have problems with identifying partitions ? > sudo fdisk-l
how can i change it back to GMT+10?	try this -- sudo dpkg-reconfigure -plow tzdata
find -name ´*foo*´ does not work	try: find / | grep foo
default share on a win xp comuter..firewall is open	I think you want smbfs
zsh: bus error  wget -rk http://learnyouahaskell.com/chapters. Fuck. :)	I'd recommend going easy on the profanities there :S...
maybe because I am using a binary Nvidia driver?	then nvidia-glx-dev is what you want.
it's Dillweed :) and do you have xfce installed?	Yes...sorry monitor is bad ;P
funniest part, im caucasion :)	wow... the ubuntu community sure is spread out
its like the terminal open de bashrc file	opens it where?  In what application?
don't think my sdcc installed properly	you know the names of each?
so now you can do 'sudo cp index.html /etc/apt/sources.list'	Yes I did that :P  What should I apt-get?
nvidia makes them so check their forum	not me, no, I fight thru ati's
i cant find it in synaptic at all	I don't see it either
what about resizing and such stuff?	 mencoder ffmpeg - do all i need.
hmm someone spammed win.exe via tftp (!)	thats not very nice, someone doing that to you,
be in here the 19th :)	That when feisty comes out ?
cedega looks like more proffesional ..	 its also a comercial product last i checked.
well, I thought restart and run fsck wouldn't harm	this is an external usb disk, i assume?
the annoying thing is that it worked in Hardy	personally I know nearly nothing of it :|
 the 'beep' command can do different beeps.	how did you do it?
should I try the original onboard adapter and restart?	yes. use the interface that previously worked
there is no directory like that	then you don't have apache
opera is in the multiverse repositories rite?	put the contents of /etc/apt/sources.list into http://paste.ubuntulinux.nl/
not the standard ubuntu ones.	 you may want to clarify that quetion.
is there a motorol phone tools for ubuntu???	have you tried looking in synaptic or google?
I use the huwei E180 (I think) on 3	do you have trouble reconnecting when resuming from hibernate ?
Again, Please remain on topic.	One of these days your gonna slip
I have the prism54 mod. here on Dapper!?	then he should have it
sudo asks for a password and nobody gives it	then what am i suppose to do
how to decrease boot time	with Lucid on an SSD.
can you point me towards and doc on it?	yea, just a minute, let me look it up.
sure it is 192.168.1.1 ? some routers are different	yes. positive. I connected to it earlier.
now you should see there: /usr/bin/fireglcontrolpanel	I think I know why
I can't figure out where it's built from	check man moc or moc --help
show them unity, gnome3 and kde4	thanks for the hint i will pursue this later on...
sry its not alsa thats in there its Arts	and can you run it manually?
Ah. Ok, then how would I set it?	ip r a 1.2.3.4/5 via 1.2.3.4
good stuff. did it give any errors or anything?	nope, do I do $ sudo ./vmware-install.pl gain?
I've seen people install ubuntu over ubuntu	How can I do that?
Anyone know which ATI drivers are the best to use?	explain your needs. else read the wiki.
wat fs should I use?	ext3 is the most used one
that command didn't work :(	are you using the correct package name?
of course, i have it enable like a year ago	 then you should have nvidia-settings
how do i fix it?	BIOS issue. not a #ubuntu one
can someone please help me	for real dos  apps = dosemu or dosbox
should work fine then ;)	oh god you're freaking awesome ;)
what ever the amount more people should be	is it easy to learn?
i tryed kernels from http://www.linux-mips.org/wiki/Getting_the_kernel, also from kernels.org	which mips are you buidling for?
 what format is the paper in?	it says to click the adobe print icon
so you be's running ubuntu now?	I broke off a nibble to chew on
and you're editing the config-file for this program, right?	but i dunno what to enter for some keys...
can anybody tell me which the best antivirus? Please?	the best, the only one.. clamav
no, I cannot connect without having ntlm2 enabled	I am using it out the box
Follow this guide : http://grub.enbug.org/Grub2LiveCdInstallGuide	thanks I'll give that one a go
what was your message before freezing	from then it just has a blinking curser.
is there nothing in dmesg?	sorry [ 1544.766432] lirc_serial: port 02f8 already in use
Look at line 39 of the pastebin.	so, then without options..... sudo e2fsck  /dev/sda1
Dagon: that was to easy I want a refund hahaha	 dynamic portforward in windows
- yes it should do :)	nope.. it doesn't have it.. :(
yeah it works with other disks	is your drive a DVD-R drive?
what repos do you have enabled now?	Stable defualts havent touched them..
err okay. Does ls -la /etc/X11 show anything?	nope it says cannot access no such file or directory
why don't you just install nessus from apt?	out of date, last time I checked
its my source of stock footage nikin	sorry i dont understand the word... "stock footage"
open software center, look for it	no it doesn't have it
hmm.. thats a good question. Let me run it.	then you can add it with the menu editor
Can you please give me a URL.	is ur wireless card an atheros?
http://www.oswd.org/download.phtml/blueheaven.zip?id=1895 (and it's not tar)	opens fine with file-roller here
im not sure about "wine" thing	it dosen't work in wine
I mean what do you mean by OB?	in the index/stat of the file it returns 0B apparently
takes 3 minutes here man :)	are you talking about the grub2 ?
How should I go about exiting gnome and running fluxbox?	select it on the login sfreen under session
an hour for a kernel.	you've never been on dialup have you?
yeah, if possible, defrag in windows first	well its already running so lol
to suspend the laptop, or desktop pc	 oh ok thanks mate
sure it's not a memory dump kinsky ?	how can i get to know that?
Thanks a lot for the help	you did by your own ;-)
anyone there to help me out	 i didnt see your question
it mounts as a media drive	did you use the UUID in /etc/fstab?
its nothing I can't handle :)	Because there is no benefit, and it's riskier :)
not dualboot with windows? :p	Seriously, it worked like 2 hours ago
how do I mount the floppy	mount /dev/fd0 /mnt or some such
I'm using a 64 bit system, adobe doesn't work	it does work for me.. at least randomly with ff3
i want a C function	yeah, that's what I'm telling you know
ahh my english is bad in the morning sorry :/	How do I start emacs over console?
did anyone read the ubuntu-girlfriend experience?	yeah, seemed a bit contrived to me
can i just pm you?	no. why would you need to?
I have some console-experience and also with editting files etc	Ok. you want to go to /etc/gconf/gconf.xml.mandatory/
you could try clonezilla . http://www.clonezilla.org/	Thanks, I'll try it out.
but if i start nautilus it doesn't start maximized	try: (if (is (application_name) "File Manager") (maximize))
<wide-eye>, thats what i need	yes, sorry dont know the name of the ubuntu pakage
hi all. how do i change my login screen?	you're asking the wrong question. What needs changing about it?
i overwritten /etc/apt/sources.list in oneric. Can I restore it ?	open the softwarecenter/synaptic and reenable the repos/settings oyu want
as it seems there is no "gitlab" in the ubuntu-repos	how can i install gitlab from ubuntu repo?
you need to associate the file extention to gedit	only whats needed to get rid of that "nag"?
i think i typed it wrong, let me check	you didn't type it wrong :-)
so I should look in the LTS versions?	that'd be your best bet
alvarezp: MPD might be close, or perhaps rhythmbox or amarok	this is what i got: http://pastebin.com/d2112ef9c
Have you tried sudo apt-get install -f	thank you very much :)
How can I fix it?	 mint has its own support channels.
not final until the announcement's out	But those are the isos?
how to install *.deb file package?	try finding the file in apt-get first
have a look at what ubuntu means as a word	ya i saw that, and sounds good
so it's correct that you ubuntu/boot partion is /dev/hda2?	no, its on a different partition hdc2
yes it was wrong what I did	i've deleted /dev files before too ;)
then use it to store big files.	isn't it just mkfs.xfs /dev/[device]
Where can i paste my sources.list?	paste the error as well
schorched3d is *so* a rip-off of Worms.	how do you upgrade to hoary?
you may find http://forge.mysql.com/wiki/MySQL_Internals_File_Formats helpful	forexample it uses \xca\xfe\xba\xbe for java as header bytes
both commands just sit there on an empty line	Sorry, on laptop nmap desktop_ip -p 3333
You don't want any panel at all?	yes .. I am replacing everything with awn
Has anyone ever tried crossover?	I have. It's not very impressive.
Yeps, all on, even the led is on	Software Modem would indicate a DialUp modem.
if you want, you can set it up with iptables	ikonia: Which would be easier to do?
:) ... I just don't like that added programs	yeah well whats the difference.
not in X. Not in the terminal.	you do realise your heading into "bad security" territory right
 moms an pops are using it now	not sayin there aren't techy ma an pops around now.
yes that sums it up	i guess they are fast enough
has anyone here used lamip	that is the current hoary version
ah ok, try recovery mode. my fault	top top of screen says " gnu grub version 1.99~rc1-13ubuntu3
uh, right.  maybe you could sound less argumentative?	I'm not arguing, I'm stating facts...
is it better than wista, or win 7	some programs are only made for Windows
ubuntu and kubuntu cd only	i would reccomment getting knoppix, its a very handy distro
which is better to use, apt-get or apptitude?	he mac is normally hardcoded onto a chip
dunno? a shell account at some machine?	that should return  'bash'
any configuration guide , or a pointer to usefull tutor	google for init scripts linux
does dc++ run in Ubuntu?	there is a dc++ client for ubuntu
does your cpu get stuck on 1ghz?	you say it's a known bug?
so its most likely something like mysql-server-der	I can't find dev either
so may give different results	still don't see the logic :)
http://paste.ubuntu.com/24617/  <-- that's my fdisk	blah :)  fdisk /dev/sda, and then use p
 Did you just get a network printer connected?	I just got one to work, yes.
it's hdparm for scsi-device (usb is mapped as scsi)	sounds interesting, i'll give it a try
are you installing ati's driver from a package?	Right. I built the package from ATI's driver package
what must i type in /etc/apt/sources.list ??	that depends on what you're trying to do w/ sources.list
there's a longish thread on ubuntuforums about it	OK - but for me it works :)
what is the default chmod for /usr?	drwxr-xr-x   aka `chmod 755
... because compiz is all flash and bells, right?	yes, even when not running it still runs haha
yes,   in the users home	same here.. not font_cache... only fontconfig
that didn't help at all	maybe your automount is turned off. try this link: https://help.ubuntu.com/community/Mount/USB
OK, so it's a Chicony camera. Let's see	uh.... I have big doubts it's possible.
bite the bullet.  11.10 to 12.04.	just did and now this has happened
i think thats the first rule of airplanes haha	aha! I knew I was confused!
flux is in the repos	its not showing up in synaptic
wine - Microsoft Windows Compatibility Layer (Binary Emulator and Library)	I think its enabled even in Breezy
without the "", of course	ok thanks i will try it
server isn't set right then	what do you suggest for setting it right then ?
yea it sux and i like controll over my install	same here, but i gotta learn, unfortunately
what does that mean? Does the hash match?	it matches with the 4º up down
do you want the now solution or the permament solution?	i just have eth1 inet dhcp set in config
tinkering with the ole xbox huh <G>	oh, did I mention... I like to live dangerously
those are not iso files	the alternate installer is an iso file.
but with plugin from Adibe ...all OK	and there won't be for the forseeable future.
I don't understand I thought this was #ubuntu	it is i was in wrong channel
or Firefox browser (i.e., /usr/lib/mozilla):	you are manually runnign the flash isntaller?  why?
it was ment to u.	I checked my specs and Built-in Speakers And Microphone
chroot? and I mounted it to /media/	in that case run this: chroot /media/
you fail. debian uses gnome if you install gnome	give it a wirl for youself
I'm atm getting ~3MB/s with ubuntu and ~7MB/s in vista	give ftp a try... see if the speeds improve
the ones installed by default	they are the best ?
did the grep command from before not turn anything up?	the command didn't do anything for me
how can i install macromedia shockwave?	no macromedia shockware yet for linux.. :)
flash sucks, whereas shockwave is mainly cool ;-)	too expensive to build other archs
the cpuinfo_min/max freq says 600/1400	oh, I thought you meant 600 fixed
look, this is plain CLI, i have no x installed	I dont know what your problem is
Intel CPU. PM 1.7G. Frist generation Centrino	what iso are you using?
do you have universe and multiverse repositories?	i have no idea, how would i add them?
i've checked. ubuntu isn't packaging it	then thats how you request packaging
'man openssl' -- it's a long but good read	i did. but can't find the info that i need.
security-wise that's much the same using telnet	 i will register today . PLease don't mind
does the shutdown halt then	it just stays on that screen indefinately
yeah I somehow missed it apparantly lol	you might have not selected the "Medium" option
how do I remove them?	they are all in /var/cache/apt/archives
the kind gentleman who provides this distribution for free	do you think he's listening? =P
can anyone tell me how I can reinstall grub?	you have a live cd laying around?
off of my linux system	 installl one, start it up.. :P
thanks..ill give it a go	no problem, reading a howto won't hurt you anyway ;-)
I already have that option and it doesn't work	there goes that theory then huh?
dd will never botch its source file	thanks, all i wanted to know :D
what does the | cut -f1 do?	get only the filesize withouth the name
