I'm really looking forward to it.	I'm a huge Johnny Dep fan.
They sure did. The show was awesome.	That's unreal. I haven't listened to them in forever.
But she didn't do the singing.	Yes, but she's such an angel.
Oh that's a good one! I like Black Dahlia.	Nice choice! That ones really meaningful.
No. That came out in 1991.	Wow, and you just watched it.
Yeah, the yellow and gold definitely stand out.	I think that's part of their allure.
Yeah, what is your favorite pizza?	I would have to say supreme.
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now	Over the weekend i watch harry potter
yeah and especially during that vader scene	the one of him slashing everyone?
Tom Cruise has a lot of good movies	I liked all of the mission impossible movies!!
You'll have to watch it to see what happens	That's too bad that he died in real life
I have. Who is your favorite character?	I like Han. He is such a complex character.
I like Yoda from the movie EMPIRE STRIKES BACK.	Yoda was funny with that Grover voice.
Do you know El-P or Killer Mike?	I think I've heard of Killer Mike.
Have you seen any new movies you would recommend?	I just watched a good comedy.
what do you think of today's music?	You mean like what's on the radio?
It just came out not open long ago.	I'll have to check it out.
It's probably why Pirates did so well.	Yupp, it was original and had a good story
Because they are the best super heros	But the plot would be a mess
Hey, man. Ready for this upcoming NFL season?	You know it. I love football.
It would always be compared to the original.	I think they could do wonders with it.
Yes he mentioned something about his face being ugly.	This is the best news I have ever heard.
The Kinks, the Who, The Yarbirds, stuff like that.	What about Herman's Hermits, or the Zombies?
No, just saying they're all amazing.	You hipsters are insanely irritating. Just go watch it.
Who knows, maybe we will get another team soon.	Or just have one move, again.
Dude, football season is comming up.	I know.  OTA's are starting.  Who's your team?
What kind of music is on there?	It's very relaxing. Nothing too loud.
Do you like the artist Britney Spears?	Yes, I like her video "Toxic".
Yes there is. I love the turtles.	They are good. The way they talk.
What was the last one you saw?	Could you call Guardians of the Galaxy 2 action?
indeed, man you gotta check out their music video	which one? they have a lot of music videos.
What was Rodgers total passing yards?	His total was 199 passing yards.
The have another really cool song called "demons".	Yes, I have heard of that one too.
I saw Coldplay last week in London.	That's awesome! How was the show.
They do have a great crowd and arena.	Yeah that place is always rocking
Yeah, yeah. That was good looking phone.	That was a Nokia phone. Nokia 8110
I guess he was a man for his time.	And what a time it was.
What is a good movie about the apocalypse?	I suggest you check out Terminator 2.
Who are you listening to right now?	Oh, I've got an old Luke Bryan CD playing.
Who is your favorite comedy muisc artist?	Weird Al Yankovic, with out a doubt.
it seemed like it to be honest	they both have irrelevant dialogues and conversations
I used to like his Graduation album.	That is probably his best one.
who's some of your best rap groups?	i like some of the early 2000's
"Guardians of the Galaxy" is my happy movie.	Your happy movie? What do you mean?
Gotta have faith man, gotta have faith.	How more years do think Drew Brees has left?
He did like... nothing in the series	But he has a cool double lightsaber!
You're crazy Noone could stop MJ.	Lebron is the best and makes his teammates better.
ELVIS WAS A WHITE GUY WHO SANG BLACK MUSIC	IN THE OLD DAYS THE RADIO WAS SEGREGATED
The score to it was amazing and creepy.	Plus the way Dracula seemed to unbeatable.
But, to be surrounded by the movie.	Is great! But isn't worth twenty dollars.
Do you have a favorite record by them?	Hm.. I have to say With Teeth.
I wasn't a big fan of Tokyo Drift.	Really?! That is one of my favorites.
What is your favorite kind of music?	I am a total Beatle head!
I guess one could say he is NOTORIOUS.	What's that old saying, give a man enough ROPE...
What is your favorite Rocky movie?	Rocky IV. That's the one with the Russians, right?
Did you ever see her in concert.	Yes, at Radio City a long time ago.
Wasn't there someone signed in June?	I think they signed defensive back Lou Young.
He is a good choice. Lots of work done.	Ya, It seems like he is constantly working.
Nah, I'll bring Jess, she's a Dolphins fan too.	Alright awesome, we're going to kill the Jets.
Oh yeah! Definitely a fan of his.	You ever try listening to his dad?
What's the first Disney movie you ever saw?	Snow White, my grandma took me.
Caesar from Planet of the Apes.	They're doing another Planet of the Apes movie?
Do you have a favorite musical album?	No way. That would be so difficult.
She sounds raspy and off pitch.	Are the songs at least good?
Mostly I like the social aspects of the game.	No argument here. You and a lot of people.
Plus, there are some pretty good actors in it.	I saw that Jamie Foxx was in it.
At least you still have a career in basketball	Yes, it's so much fun coaching a basketball team.
Did you ever see Carpool Guy?	No I don't think I have seen that one.
Have there been other football leagues besides the NFL?	Yes, but the NFL is considered the most competitive.
i knew you'd know the song. whats it called?	its by YG he's even featured drake in it
I guess your right with that fact	Only a select number of teams makes it far
Yup he oes a verse and the chorus.	I bet they sound good together.
How do you get that from the song.	One line, Shine bright like a diamond.
Yes. he is a great action hero.	I love those old action movies.
What's the best war film you've seen?	Recently or ever?  That's a big library.
Which song do you like in particular?	I love listening to "Pontoon" a lot.
It's called Naked Lunch, ever seen it?	No I haven't, What is it about?
She has won many awards for her talent.	I believe she has made over 9 records.
Why havent they offered him a long term contract?	Because they want him to prove it.
What did you think of it?	I really did not enjoy it at all.
What is your favorite form in classical music?	Do you mean 1750-1825 or art music in general.
Yeah same for me actually, love the lion king.	It really is a great movie.
I've loved every movie he did.	Me too. Ted and Ted 2 were awesome.
Alan Rickman was a formidable villain, too.	Yes, I thought they worked well together onscreen.
The girls were all going crazy, right.	Yeah, and homes all through America were tuned in.
Yeah, it'll be a great weekend.	Sounds great, let's meet Friday at 12.
Isn't their supposed to be an Incredibles sequel?	I've heard that for years and years and nothing.
Me too, she's an awesome performer.	You know what else is a good song?  Alejandro.
Do you like Adam Sandler movies?	Yes, pretty much all of them
What songs did they do again.	What it's like, Ends, White Trash Beautiful.
He is really good as a solo artist	Let me listen to his new song on youtube
And then it fell off on the 2nd one.	Well with the success you always do a sequel.
I personally think Rogers is a better quarterback.	His accuracy is deadly and he has mobility too.
Were there cats in it?Yes. Siamese cats.	What is the main character's name?
Have you ever heard of Jonah and the Lion?	Is it some sort of book?
I wanna see that one. Is it good?	It's one of the best films of all time.
I think Sammy wins there too.	I disagree, look who sang the biggest hits.
What is the other one you know of?	is there one called "Secure Yourself"?
I like animated movies better, especially the Pixar films.	Finding Dory is one of my favorite movies.
It sure was. I am glad Rocky got him.	Did you like him in the Expendables?
Jamie Foxx did a great job in all fairness.	yeah you know what he had an awesome role.
I mean look at the Batman films.	Thats exactly what i was going to.
Jason Bateman, Ginnifer Goodwin, Shakira, and Idris Elba	oh, I love Idris Elba from Luther.
True but you still need a quarterback.	It's been a wierd offseason for the AFC West.
Who is your favorite rock artist	I'm a big fan of KISS
Yeah, he was a good guy.	A good guy? Sirius was fantastic!
Yeah, he's kind of become a political talking head	So, the Rockies are playing well now eh?
Yeah, that was one of my favorite as well.	George Lucas puts together some awesome movies.
Do you think Madonna will continue her career?	No I think she is getting too old.
I'd have to say, The Shining .	You mean the original with Jack Nicholson?
What's your favorite movie in the Harry Potter series.	Mine is part 3, The Prisoner of Azkaban.
STOP TAILING ME YOU PASTY TEABAG	THEY ONLY LOVE ME FOR MY FARTS!
I think C3-PO did translations for Jaba.	And R2-D2 served drinks on a tray.
I'm sure they will. Rush always sounds amazing.	I can't believe Giddy can still sing like that.
It was a good scene. Very iconic.	Ya and totally quotable. So identifying.
I bet they would be awesome.	No kidding.  They have so much energy.
I think my favorite was The Shawshank Redemption.	Yes, that was a great movie.
Do you remember the Sand People from Star Wars?	Oh yeah, they were in the first one
I don't know, but his dad did love him.	He didn't have a happy life.
What other movies do you like him in?	Um... The Jurassic Park movies and The Fly.
Have you heard of Twenty One Pilots?	Just this past year. I enjoy them.
Hey Mike. You going to ball game?	No. I watch it from the TV.
That sounds lovely.  Long or short sleeves?	I was actually thinking of capped sleeves.
Yeah, up until now they still perform it constantly.	Well can you blame them? That song is awesome.
I do actually but not anytime soon.	He brought this emotional play that nobody else has.
I actually might check her out.	You won't fall asleep, I promise you!
can we talk about Pop Music?	Sure!  I love pop music.  Who do you love?
Right there with you, total missed opportunity.	It looked great, but the plot was just incoherent.
Oh great, I like her as well.	As much as rihanna? more or less?
I just saw the new Transformers movie.....	Oh really? I saw it last night myself!
Me too! We would sing concerts at recess time.	Did you like the Spice Girls too?
There's no way he's playing today.	No way, they're giving him a day off.
Did you like the Force Awakens?	Yes, it was one of my favorite movies!
I love the way the Eagles could harmonize.	Oh yea, now that was a superb band.
Do you plan to watch it?	Probably but I won't be too hopeful.
But the representation was so interesting.	Very clever and unique. I'm glad they did it.
Yeah but that is not yearly though.	What is your opinion of the new music?
I watched Patriot's Day this weekend.	I didn't think it showed enough action.
That is a mouthful. I like her a lot.	ya me too. She is such a talented girl.
Maybe the next time he tours.	Will you take a friend of hers too?
Tim Conway is in. Do you remember that actor?	No, can't say that I do.
Me too.  Hopefully they can be number one again.	Yeah, that would be cool.  Respect Detroit!
Have you ever seen Big Trouble in Little China?	No I haven't. What is it about?
What do you think of Dak Prescott?	He's pretty good!  I like him.
Have you listened to any of their solo work?	I think I've heard some of Nick's new music.
Oh man that is a great movie.	Yeah Jake Gyllenhal is so creepy in that.
I like Mozart, and Brahms, and of course Beethoven.	Those are the greats for sure.
my favorite joker of all time.	he was pure anarchy and crazinesss.
Yea it has a great beat	All her songs are good though
Have you been watching the basketball playoffs at all?	Yeah! The Cavaliers swept the Raptors.
Obviously. And Mickey was Bob Cratchit.	Was that were Scrooge McDuck originated?
It's about the Salem witch trial thing.	Awesome. I've seen the Crucible movie.
That kind of sounds like a Monty Python skit.	It's really the same kind of humor.
Yes. She had a lot of hits.	Do you still listen to her?
The same can be said about Rodgers.	Now there is a biasis opinion.
Yes and it was really fun.	How about the Beast? was he animated.
I love Malfoy to be entirely honest	Are you serious? He's a brat
What do you think is the ultimate action film?	I would go with Die hard.
Yes, the Patriots came back and beat them.	I would love to go to a Superbowl.
That's been his signature for awhile.	I love when he hits that high note.
They were wearing capris for a couple of years	I think that was Russians only
Do you like any war movies?	Yes, I liked black hawk down.
What other Metallica album did you listen to?	I also listened to Master of Puppets.
What is your favorite Lady Gaga album?	I know it's new, but I love Joanne.
Which was your favorite Star Wars movie?	I would have to say The Phantom Menace.
You certainly cannot count out Atlanta	That is true. They are the defending NFC Champions
I can't wait for this season to start!	Me either. Black and silver all the way!
I would, but my phone is out of battery.	Why don't you just use mine?
Is it like a normal movie?	No, it was filmed like a stage play.
What is your favorite rap song by him?	Probably the one called Bernie Sanders.
Are the Pixar movies part of Disney?	I think so.  My favorite is "A Bug's Life".
I think it started with that band Sugarland.	They're the ones who do Stuck Like Glue, right?
Oh yeah, I love the whole album.	I heard they're going on tour again.
Have you ever been to Walt Disney World?	Oh yeah, we are actually DVC members.
She was really great in the 90s.	I don't really like her newer stuff.
I don't think so. They're too good.	That's what everyone said last year.
What are some of your favorite funny movies?	I have so many, Blazing Saddles was hilarious.
Pirates of the Carribean is awesome.	It's an epic movie, what more can we say?
You could almost consider them a new band.	Well, they started in the early 2000s.
WHAT MADE IT SO SPECIAL WAS THE SONGS	YES,ESPECIALLY AT THE FIRST OPENING SCENE
Yeah, that Karlsson guy is great!	He is absolutely one of the best.
That is also a great song.	Everytime I hear them I feel so good.
Just like we're here for each other.	Yep. Wanna listen to some music?
i know i love that part of the movie.	i think its my favorite movie.
He is a very good player.	His injury didn't seem to slow him down much.
How about happy feelings by maze	Thats a lifetime favorite song on my list.
I think that movie got really good reviews.	I would imagine so, Charlie is an amazing actor.
Jay Z would beg to dffer.	Oh yeah, thats true I forgot about him.
Have you seen the Harry Potter movies?	Some of them - which is your favorite?
Do you remember There's Something About Mary?	Wow, I haven't seen that one in years!
Did you ever watch his movies as well?	Yes, the music and acting went well together.
It is and he has a lot of mistresses	I know he is a busy guy
Is your buddy a Seahawk's fan?	Yeah, he will like anyone whose a Seahawk Fan.
Have you seen the House on Haunted Hill?	What the original, or the newer one?
Oh man, I totally forgot about that one.	Yeah, Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman at their peak.
Yes, and Captain Spalding was a total creep.	He is my least favorite character in that movie.
Cars 3? Yes, there are three Cars movies.	Wait, what was Cars 2 about again?
How do you feel about the last Beatles album?	Let it Be was maybe their best.
No, I never did.  Is it good?	I'd say it's better than the movie for sure.
He is. He's okay but he always chokes though...	Haha...at least he doesn't cry like some of them.
