do you want me to take a look?	I have to go to work now, but later?
how could you possibly guess that?	gretchen's grandson could have guessed that.
yeah, jesus, we thought you were dying or something.	i'm sorry, I thought I was past that part.
you do not have to say anything.	i'm going to get the kids.
yeah, the kids used to say that.	what kids used to say that?
I need to talk to my mom.	yeah, he needs to talk to his mother.
five hundred bucks is a lot of money.	i'm more interested in smelling like a fish
it's a new color on you.	a new color on you would be...
look, I gotta go soon, but, um...	why do you have to go?
it's not available to the public.	really? - but he or she is a genius.
the girl I met in church?	church is ringing a bell, yeah.
we're gonna get you out of here.	why would ms. dekaan do this?
what are you doing here, harvey?	I need to talk to you.
I can't believe he agreed to 30 years.	a courtroom full of people heard him confess.
what did you do that for?	you hit on my mom, dude.
I can go to jail if I have to.	I am not letting you go to jail.
i'm sorry, can I help you with something?	maybe, or maybe i can help you, richard.
let me just call you back.	wait, you asking me out or...?
when we were living with uncle monty...	I said I don't talk about that.
missy, get off her, get off her.	oh, my god, miss, what you gonna do?
why didn't you take her in?	she didn't want to do that.
but first, say that one more time.	oh, you really want me to?
well, we have to do something.	they just killed your boy in broad daylight.
well, can she prove a connection?	it's all instinct at this point.
we should have stayed at the hotel.	I have to do this for my pal.
we have to get out of here.	I just... i just need a minute.
he won't put up with this much longer.	i'm sure it's hard on him.
i'm gonna move in the garage.	so jesus can keep my room.
what the hell are you doing?	you have nothing left to find.
this entire area is now a crime scene.	just because some silly girl drowned?
but it's already been a fucking week.	yes, so it won't be long now, will it?
I stepped away for a minute.	who knows how many people have seen this.
how do you know about that?	she's the talk of the hotel.
there was a little concern yesterday evening.	there was a bit of a bad atmosphere yesterday.
josh, you're in full roast mode right now.	i'm so jacked up right now.
you don't know it was feds.	I know what feds look like.
I mean, you know, he's sleeping.	tandy, just go say good night to him.
if you wanna call them that.	you can move things with your mind?
what does that have to do...	8 months ago, he was scooped up by argus.
silly cocktail or doesn't like man u.	no, no, no, this is more...
yeah, but you're, like, a saint, right?	we just see so much need everywhere.
we need to get her right, look at her.	you know what's great about being in here?
bro, if I explain this weed in your car,	I told you we didn't need pot.
we don't have to stay here.	oh, please, don't be so dramatic.
tandy, just go say good night to him.	yeah, but I don't want to bug him, he's...
they have to keep all eight	from each team in the game.
jeff, I just came by to see...	it's right in front of us, all right?
oh, thanks, I mean, it's just a hobby.	collecting beer cans is a hobby.
I know that I can ...	how am I supposed to trust you?
you are not getting my office.	oh, yes, I am 'cause she's gone, harvey.
♪ and I kinda like it ♪ - _	♪ i-i kinda like it ♪ - _
they have the pressure on them now.	i'm looking forward to the next round.
but it was working fine earlier.	just relax, we will fix it later.
hey, bonjour mike, you're not on duty today?	no, I was, I worked a double.
and now nothing will change for those people.	it is a losing battle, hawk.
so, you'd mean it, would you?	yeah, that's kinda how it works, hun.
well, go on back to the hotel then!	I told you, I don't have time.
maybe we can be more specific.	the dude monitored my phone like I was 12.
poseidon has left us here to die.	we still got one card left to play.
what the hell do you think you're doing, man?	easy man, i've gotta go find...
♪ one man solitary ♪ - [sirens wailing]	♪ and no city ♪ - [tires screech]
what did you do to yourself?	we're gonna have a baby richard.
I don't have that kind of money.	then you and chris are fired.
don't get cute with us, pal.	she wanted to interview you, didn't she?
that leaves you with the doll.	plenty of boys enjoy playing with dolls.
you sure that's a good idea?	oh, it's all part of the dance.
a senior official at - the national hockey league.	it is so nice to - meet you, carley.
alright, well were you wearing your glasses?	what is that supposed to mean?
okay, what in god's name are we gonna do?	let's get the hell out of here.
what could we possibly have to talk about?	we have plenty to discuss still.
♪ new ♪ - ♪ new ♪	♪ and now we'll be ♪
well, that's one way of looking at it.	and you don't know where he is.
louis, I don't speak for all handsome men.	what do you see when you look at me?
what would you advise this girl to do?	her boyfriend should use his tongue.
♪ and found somebody new ♪	♪ new ♪ - ♪ new ♪
oh, i've not finished it yet.	well, let's see what you've got.
I promise we won't hurt you.	there has to be another way.
you said you looked at the clock.	because I was speaking at seven, yes.
what did he say to you?	he's saving me for his boss.
to kiss off all we've done?	now what is that supposed to mean?
just be a man and say it, innit?	I adore every inch of you.
do you realise how insulting that is?	it's not like I was broadcasting it.
now, look, yes, I do remember.	and you blamed me for that.
people always underestimate a pretty face.	maybe he just thinks you're dumb.
we had a lot of good times.	it was more than that for me.
I didn't stay out of it.	no, you didn't stay out of it.
stephanie, we need to talk about this assignment.	is there a problem with it?
and we have bullets with your prints on them.	so we toss a century of forensic science?
ma'am, i'm sure it'll be fun.	no, a library is good for you.
how can we stop his... return?	not in the future, but the past.
and that would be a miracle.	a miracle, that we can not allow to happen.
and i'm going to shame him on twitter.	well, I don't want you to.
did you hear what they said?	no, I couldn't make out the words.
you realise i'm the smart one?	as you never cease to announce.
can you just turn the light...	can you turn the light off?
is it okay if I listen?	what's your book say about it?
I thought you were on the "a" s.	my hands are more tied than his.
in for a penny, in for a pound.	yes, let it wash away the sins.
well, I never told you that.	but it was too late for him.
wanna know why I never wrote you back?	I do, I really, really do.
woz wanted me to make an appearance.	it'd be nice if he made an appearance.
and you're just not hearing me.	you humiliated me in front of millions of people.
do you have a rough idea of what time?	yes, I could see the clock.
we're still gathering evidence, miss holt.	i've got a deadline to meet.
you've got to wait for them to approach you.	she'll be waiting a long time, though.
bet you're glad to be leaving.	♪ let me get over you ♪
is there a problem with it?	yes, the problem is you didn't do it.
you don't know what you saw, louis.	i'm sorry, I forgot I was blind.
to sell him to the cartel?	they wanted to sell the boy,
I hear you're out of a job.	I was wondering who would come to me first.
I feel like i'm getting anxious.	well, surely that's not a surprise.
it is so beautiful with the flowers.	I do not want it on.
♪ will always love you ♪ - _	♪ I will always ♪ - _
can I get you anything, coffee, tea?	oh, no, no i'm fine, i'm fine.
what the fuck is wrong with you?	what the fuck's wrong with you?
you know how to drive it?	go find your own car, quick!
the less you know, the better.	I think that's up to me to decide.
I thought mrs. miller was speaking here tonight.	am I in the wrong class?
what are you guys talking about?	we want you to have our baby.
i'm saying we need to stop it.	by saying stop, you mean kill?
but team red refuses to give up.	we must give it everything we can.
he must have felt really threatened.	baby, just pack up her stuff, ok?
kinda makes you just as bad as him.	i'm just supposed to take it?
you wanna knock me up, doc?	just 'cause I can do it.
not even the ones about you?	wait, I thought it was just pictures.
I hope my love of science...	should we go talk to him?
when were they from, like, the '80s or something?	I think they'd been put in there...
I mean, I have $400 right now.	i'll see if I have some time.
were three people in that room -	liam, the killer and someone else.
like some whipping boy, all right?	what are you gonna do, paul?
I know that, but they're saying...	I don't care what they're saying.
you can't go anywhere at night.	but we need to go now.
then you've already heard his side of the story...	and I don't need to hear yours.
you guys take the next one.	oh, I don't know where you guys are going.
we got a great live show.	come on, come on, come on.
you can sleep when you're dead.	it may literally come to that.
I can get us into that wing.	he's paranoid, trusting only a few.
wait, what is he doing here?	he doesn't need to keep going.
i'm supposed to have your back.	you do, look at what you done today.
that was so moses wouldn't get killed.	exactly, so this asshole should consider himself lucky.
are you sure that you're okay being here?	yeah, yeah it's not a problem.
♪ I kinda like it ♪ - _	♪ i-i kinda like it ♪ - _
look, it's a very complicated issue.	and there's lots of case law.
it would have ended her career.	o'leary killed maya before she could talk.
why are you even talking to her?	look, I can talk to people, sarah.
blast those pins all by myself.	it is all about the angle, okay?
yeah, well, we can't eat moral support.	do you still have that truck?
yes, then the bad times came.	but the girl had a plan.
thank you so much mr. mulligan, that's awesome.	I understand, there's a lot of questions.
I want to see wozniak now.	haven't even had my coffee yet.
well, now she's looking into me.	your signature is on that form.
to the power of the machine.	listen, just clean up your act or else
I said that ugly girls need presents more.	yes, yes, but you said something else.
fox seven moving into position, 3 o'clock.	does anybody know what that is?
actually I need a change of clothes.	um, i'll need your shirt and, um...
what'd you throw in the toilet?	the, uh, salami in the fridge.
i'm sorry, I can't take it.	no, please, I want you to.
we strive for equality - _	yet we're more divided than ever.
no, I was opening up a little bit.	you just said I was your dad.
team yellow is after overall victory.	I believe that we can win now.
either of you up there by yourselves.	you should have seen your face.
I had... no, i, I thought rob said something.	I had, I had no idea.
your lies got my men killed!	and you're gonna get us all killed!
you could be a great writer.	oh. and it's because of your drinking.
dude, I think you ran a red light.	you guys just take a chill pill alright!
how exactly do you know her?	emilia and I go way back.
this is my neighborhood hideout spot.	oh, yeah, you live around here?
yeah, if I can fucking find it.	and you're gonna fucking like it, too.
did you want to do it?	no, I think you can take this one.
radcliffe gets us to may ...	she said she couldn't help us.
why are you telling me now?	because I want to go to sleep.
get your ass on the bike!	hey, but I ain't riding bitch!
whatever she is, she's not herself.	matt, you need to take a breath.
oh, he said it was in the manifesto.	did she say it at the manifesto launch?
how much do you love her?	man I love her so much!
what you need to kill yourself?	I need to be with her.
and you can tell me what's what?	you know, don't make this a thing.
I am great in an emergency.	i'll change it, i'll change it.
now I kinda want a goddess party.	i'll throw you a goddess party.
I didn't wanna lie to you.	but you've been lying to me.
if the police come here ...	why would the police come here?
okay, great, so i'm just gonna	go ahead and take your pulse.
no way, they won't go for admission.	okay, then here's what you're gonna do instead.
what the fuck did he say?	look, stick to our original agreement.
so you were tripping on mushrooms.	yeah, that's what i'd say too.
you know I like the hair.	I know you like the hair.
we're sorry we asked about him.	we didn't mean to upset you.
I have no choice at this point.	don't go crazy, don't go crazy.
so how do we stop it?	I need to beat every level of the game.
it's how you play the game.	but I don't wanna play the game that way.
you got a good one here.	you do have a good one, fred.
that's what you said last time.	i'm a little short this month okay.
♪ I know you wanna love ♪	♪ but I just wanna fuck... ♪
not much when this is pointed at you.	that don't mean shit to me.
spare some time for an old friend?	when were we ever new friends?
almost expected of pop stars these days, sir.	I don't know so much, sir.
and just take the cuffs off.	what is the meaning of this?
before you even hear my offer?	alan, I told you, i'm standing with alcala.
I talked to the cops three years ago.	they said I didn't do nothing wrong.
please put ned back on the phone.	you should tell her how you feel.
