death is the solution to all problems - stalin	very powerful. but, the quickest solution isn't always the best.
no he wouldn't otherwise he would try at least.	exactly. why would he try if he knew he couldn't.
because they're the underdog, so everything is permitted.	incidentally nothing they say is true.
yup! just reply back when you're ready :)	haha, alright, just message me when you're available :)
meteos should be tier a? just an opinion.	team player, not a point getter.
he is pretty emaciated if that helps paint the picture.	he is an extremely skinny person.
i think some big news is imminent	happy cake day, and i hope you're right.
mizdow is jacked in that. wtf happened to him?	he became a stunt double for the miz. method acting.
but did you label it as the octagon of doom?	i tried searching that too, yep.
play storm, get orchid. problem solved	play slark, hear a zip press q. problem solved
sure! i'm going to have lunch anyway :)	i'm back, let me know when you are online :)
everything is like time traveling except you have to wait.	well, to be fair, everything is traveling time.
he's choking now, everybody's joking now	the clocks run out times up over plow
then he's made a horrible mistake	the asus n61jq i bought in 2010 says hello.
none of them have acne either.	people get acne after high school?
arthur mitchell aka the trinity killer on dexter.	the show should've ended with him. it was perfect.
i am ready! finally, the non-americans get a good giveaway!	i'm american and awake so i'm here! lol
out of curiosity, what language is that? danish?	dutch, indeed! the majestic language of the netherlands!
this show is made for emotional pregnant women.	preggo here, i want that fucking steak.
i used to want you dead	but now i only want you gone
:'( and here i am with my x200	is yours still touch screen and the screen swivels?
 hill county i fail to see any hills	he's got a point there op.
does american woman count as a lenny kravitz song?	well i wouldn't count it as a katy perry song
nsfw stands for not safe for work.	so how would you use that good sir
uh, not that i know of.	i'm sorry, the correct response was, i doubt it.
are we seriously doing this again russia?	a cia spy was caught in moscow in 2013
ok i'll check it myself anyway	trading you back snivy~ diance will follow
a time frame when gym leaders are on	that's kinda hard to do but okay
bitsch has it at um and pul right now	oh nvm then, do you want the tkeys?
severance pay for retail? are you high?	this surprises me. are retail employees generally not at-will employees?
it gets bigger....when jenny touches it a little	or does it...? plot twist: zack is gay.
haha! absolutely. truth is i already donated it	pablite : nice guy since '14
family feud 6 nights a week	on 3 channels at the same time
aren't memes stuff like confession bear or ragecomics and stuff?	i was thinking quotesporn style memes.
wait, what...? how's that supposed to work?	he moves his body(over the hip) away
look up to the skies and see...	i'm just an orange boy, i need no sympathy...
what the hell do we need them for anyway?	to keep your head out of your ass.
thank you li ashley smiles and kisses her head	you're welcome. she kisses her head back.
this man reads his guns and ammo.	except for repeatedly calling cocked clocked.
i'm talking to you, dillashaw and faber.	i would want to see that.
it's 'benjamin the magnificent', if you don't mind.	aaron laughs a little. ben it is.
it's like you were saving it for me &lt;3	it was meant to be &lt;3
 dominantly was prominently the word you were looking for?	maybe. but you understood what i meant.
you would make a great cuckold.	you would make a great asshole. oh wait, you are.
i'd go as far to say, my favourite radical muslim...	those are some sikh moves he's doing.
get some cheap clip-on aero bars and chop them down.	boom. that is exactly what i will do. thank you!
somebody has a mirror that can be seen oversea?	everyone should thank you in their regional dialect. ta mate.
 may have been bet365 \- pedro	god damn it my name is not pedro!
am i really the only beaver fan here? go beavs!	welcome and i hope we have a good game tonight!
♫ bruising spreads to back of leg ♪	that tune is really damn catchy.
already have one. :x anything else?	not terribly. d: have any females in special balls?
well, his 9 might be your 7. so what?	have you even read what i wrote?
love the sword but maybe add some shading? +1	you don't need to shade your weapons
willing to ship the monitor to canada?	it would be too expensive :/ sorry
deposited a level 1 male corphish, ign: joey, thanks!	don't see it. 5 mins to redeposit
they could be our new d-league affiliate.	you wouldn't even need to get new players!
a baguette is a drink yuo idiot	fucking moron, a baguette is a fruit. just like you.
don't worry buddy, it's gonna be us this year.	i feel like dig and clg fans share similar pain.
...next to his evidence of half-life 3 release info.	...alongside his rug made purely of virgin pubes.
so merk, nameless and nameless... they have 2 nameless's ?	saints, nameless and zooma is what i read.
ill open gates, and spam shell sales in retail xd	lol okay i'll add your fc now. :p
cant hurt the feelings of those oh so british asians,,,,,	don't know why you're being downvoted, you're quite correct.
of course, that's why ukraine invaded russia.	forever known as the war of ukrainian aggression
ayy lmao edit btw im a grill ;)	ayy lmao edit btw im a grill ;)
sharpie pink highlighter. that shit will stain.	the fuck?!?! some things you just cant unsee.
abby grabs some sausages and munches hungrily on them.	isaac sits down across from you long time no see
que me importa un huevo tus rollos..tontaco.	y a mi los tuyos faltón
ooc: get the fuck out. shrugs	ooc: hides in the track shed.
i see, was it better than it is now?	drama wise better community activity wise worse
but you have extra boost slam damage. hehe	not extra damage, just a stun effect to your slam.
or easy filler plot points and suspenseful scenes	or lighthearted humorous interludes between the more suspenseful stuff!
well, you build muscle. more muscle = more calories burned.	about 7 calories per kg, hardly substantial.
bows don't kill people. ~~arrows~~ people kill people.	toasters don't toast bread. people toast bread.
download the fix for it. 60fps is great	unless he's on ps3 or 360. rip everyone in blighttown.
stop trashing this thread with your compost.	you should make a throwaway for this shitty pun thread
i'm sorry, what mode are you talking about?	i think he means first person mode
delivery boy ez has acne and everything	sivir works so much better though.
i'm just here so i won't get fined.	i'm just here so i won't get fined.
any idea whatsoever youll be interested in?	i'm quite partial to shiny dragons.
j. cole's forest hills drive any other 2014 album.	bitch you ever heard t-swift's new shit?
my cat was vaccinated and i think she's autistic now.	i'm pretty sure all cats are autistic.
idk why wont trade. want to try again tomorrow?	give me a random pokemon, not lugia
meh, probably safe to go bareback on the dog.	but is it safe for the dog to bareback you?
thanks, now i want an adult tricycle of my own.	is mia your daughter's name, or is she m.i.a.?
who wouldnt be happy making like 300k+	he made 4 million 2013 or something
you have literally just repeated the post.	well i didn't literally repeat it.
hey sol. hows your leg holding up?	fine, thanks! elbow is still detached, though.
weren't fast enough. someone got it lol	lol it's ok, you win some you lose some.
now cmon don't beat a dead horse.	don't beat off a dead horse ftfy
i try not to masturbate but when i do, yes.	question: why do you try not to masturbate?
i've played with you before recognize your name	with or against? what's your ign? :p
love this but where the fuck are the wahlbergs?	yeah mahky mahk was missing :(
i'm pretty sure he said texan	texan while sexin. that's a demerit.
cough...name's bruce. you know, gotham's billionaire bachelor?	oh sorry bat.... burce. passes blunt
other guy? other guy!? that's slick!!!	why do we call him slick?
the church of swole? or just regular boring church.	he means the imaginary friends kind.
i was talking about you, true. :p	but i was talking about a scary dream.
pleased to meet your mr. ...	oh god i don't know this reference.....uhhh.....bond?
how does that make her a scumbag?	because she's within the problem that she's complaining about.
not like u play better than them ya 6eez	how else do i express my love
is anyone else bothered by how fake this show is?	this show is made for emotional pregnant women.
i still haven't seen the sixth sense.	i hope you haven't been spoiled yet.
so basically no one should be allowed to like anything.	everyone should be allowed to disagree.
you guys wanna come over? my mom isn't home	call us when she is home! edit: giggity
does this mean they can touch the sky?	they think about it every night and day
how many fingers does the dohvakiin have?	four fingers and one thu'um ;)
funny, that looks more like a battlebear to me.	its trash talk monday you pleb
ok, i put a female lvl 1 carvanha	alright finally sent. thanks for the patience
мое мироздание должно быть упорядоченным и дисциплинированным!	есть такие переносные губозакаточные машынки, слышал я ...
untap-upkeep-draw. thassa's scrying will be useless for manifesting.	there are a few instant speed manifest
is that when a girl is on her period?	is this wrong? why the down votes?
fpss on consoles are a joke.	games on consoles are a joke.
i'm the drunk asshole trying to start the putin chant.	i went with the simple let's go rusev.
warren sapp, 5th nominee into the hall of salt	who else? faulk, warner, mcnabb? john harbaugh?
homeboy glancing at dat ass over his paper	he's isn't glancing, he's got a murder stare going.
a... tasmanian mod... i thought it was impossible. :d	a... tazmanian devil... you could say
you can't change abilities to hidden abilities	ah dang x_x just nature though?
this is starting to sound more like reddit gold	shower me with golden reddit perks!
i don't know, there's a living child near her.	we better check her internet history on both browsers then.
have a whiskey with me....i'm on number 8	i'll have a whiskey with you!
you can't drag a football club. this is so confusing.	mate, you can't drag a financial group.
not winning the fifa world cup.	did you see that ludicrous display last night?
is that an m schwastica for a tattoo?	that would be really wierd since he's jewish...
stop muslim immigration? what the fuck? why is this upvoted?	there is a diference between political correctness and bad politics.
is this a fan drawing? or from an episode?	it's from the latest episode, gold stars
is that doug dimmadome, owner of the dimsdale dimmadome?	nah, it's dank dankadome, owner of the danksdale dankadome.
i didn't work out like that for jamarcus.	yea but wilfork has like 20 pounds on jamarcus tho
you know what they say: toastahs toast toast	heres the problem: too many toastahs.
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh dayuuuuuuuum son! that's one risky opinion brotha!	this is my non-porn throw away
have fun fishing for tri-force shards =)	this was why i never beat the game
play stupid games, win stupid prizes.	but is it a skateboard for your fingers?
fuck yeah that hat completes the outfit: classy yet casual	no way! burn that hat! lol
maybe kevin spacey should play liberace.	but michael douglas did such a great job!
bmw's demo was like a disney ride.	he actually said light and ideas... are always advanced.
not pregnant, i want that fucking steak.	pregnant looking male here, steak me.
i-tumblr-couldn't. this is the ultimate couldn't.	that's a pretty severe lack of coulds!
put a gun against his head	pulled my trigger, now he's dead
i only do that every time.	you have my approval. damn, wish we were eskimo bros
j3b whelping dreads again no surprise here.	uh this was mostly carriers thanks
good lord, i can't tell genders apart am so confused.	girls have boobs and ... no wait theyre all flatchested
holy balls, it was still going?	yeah. not on machinima channel but on accursed farms.
are you 8? seriously, best decision ever	haha, i don't regret that decision at all.
it's a very rich suburb of chicago	soo... it is it's own city?
fun fact: leviathan was entirely shot with dash cams	you're thinking of leviathan. this is leviathan. different.
hello sir, you going to join?	yeah i will smiles and walks in the maze
actually fresno is awesome. people should go to fresno.	if they want to get murdered.
and their point is now made here...	yes because compromising with evil is such a noble endeavor
wait, really? same here! were you at the camp?	no. haven't in months. i was falling asleep in latin...
the multiplayer version is probably under $50 too...	yeah but it's usually a pay-to-win game
wait, really? i thought the fix was coming in 5.0.3?	well maybe it is. hammerhead still hasn't received 5.0.2
my penis. don't know what to do with that thing.	instructions unclear. penis stuck in penis.
there's no question fulham are chelsea's main rivals.	they're geographically closest, but chelsea fans hate spurs wayyyyy more.
too bad he didn't succeed in hanging himself	life isn't precious you pussy go back to mediating.
i do not think that is really a lie.	i can't be a super saiyan. i tried.
i think ajax might be what you are looking for	yes! i love the ajax badge and kits
you had me going there for a bit. nice job.	ironically i'm getting upvoted for doing a good job.
go mechanical, you will never go back.	until everyone complains about the sound, unfortunately :(
i offer you this laurel... and hardy handshake.	roman just pawn in game of life
and we need to keep those happy haha	oh yes, haha. it's just so fun
can someone tell me what the fuck mature means?	couldn't you have made an educated guess?
there's a certain face associated with camel toe?	his nose looks like an ass wearing a thong.
you never correct a hungry fat man.	you never correct a hungry lusting lady.
moving? sounds exciting! staying in portland, i presume? bigger place?	indeed, both! oh, and best of all-- garage!
holy fuck that kid's on dmt.	that kid looks like he's from the 90's
can't wait to see dangle's reaction.	carlyle got fired right before they started the podcast so....
welp. only got 2m coins :(	go for something like thieving then :
it's none of your damn business how much i bench.	that joke on conan last night was hilarious.
about a 5. planning my next step	think wisely. but alcohol is probably you're best choice decision.
wouldn't this be multi world news instead of world news	 multi world news universe world news
i just did a movie with her. nice woman.	well not me personally i guy i know
good kill man but reload please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	haha don't worry, i did right after :d
i wonder how much you can tow with a rotary...	i hear they don't have very much torque, only horsepower.
taken 2: back to the future.	taken 12: makin bacon in macon
you're gonna miss being in st. louis pretty soon.	i live in seattle, so not really.
every inch is a victory at this point.	that's why i call my penis the chicago cubs
said no broncos fans about their qb.	except 2012, 2013, half of this season...
the post is on read only mode idk why?	make a new part 3 post.
is it okay if i xpost it?	go for it, stimulate comments that are supportive though
yuppp. turning 20 next month though	fuck you're young, i'm 22 on tuesday
i'd find a better group to play with if possible.	not a lot of people who play footie in richmond.
charles barkley spit in a little kids face	ya well, i bet he had it coming.
i think that's the point. so she throws water there.	i think she throws her water there, though.
partially. mostly when it comes to blue and purple.	the strikers-hurricanes must have been fun
i wasn't expecting much and yet i'm still disappointed.	i expected nothing and i'm still disappointed
been laughing for a good three minutes now	i only laughed for three seconds
i never fucking knew about this.	i never knew about fucking this.
i'll do all 7 for 4 shinies!	dratini, seel, and murkrow from your list?
i think you're reich about this	you are all goerring to hell
might wanna start that before someone else.	do you ever actually get azn feet pms?
that's why it's called ass-prin, duh.	they aren't called analgesics for nothing.
what would you say your rates are?	somewhere between 2-3 shinies per jirachi
full metal panic! replace the xo of the tuatha.	that, or al, the arbalest's ai.
hahaha loudly. didn't know i can type loudly!	when has not knowing something stopped you from commenting before?
hamilton, on. it's like winnipeg but with more meth.	as a winnipeger this comment made me hurt inside.
in terms of instant relief, canceling plans is like heroin.	does that mean you know how heroin feels, officer?
judging by their spelling and grammar i agree.	whare is ur proof we cant spel
i want to see this so badly now.	the lcs has these moments weekly thou
i too, masturbated to these comments	fun fact of the day: noone gives a shit
decker should be recruiting a qb. any qb.	is there such a thing as a retired gif sequence?
what constitutes worth using to you, exactly?	non white and does more damage.
