I Guess. When I Got There Everyone But A Couple Seemed Like They Was There..	Oh! are you coming tomorrow at 1 ?
I am From Iraq .... and You ?	I'm from Spain :)
yeah but im finna go to sleep.. ttyl and have a nice day at work :))	thanks, I'm sure I wn't tho.
yea lol actually till 3am.. haha... Wyd	nothing tryna find some breakfast....you?
I'd go with definitely not. I think 8am is a good start time for outside work.	I'm gonna agree with you and shoot for an 8:30 start time.
it's def not about criminals lol	then ill be of no assistance
I want to make this happen sometime this summer.	That would be awesome. It needs to happen!
Taking Tagalog this coming semester.	That language sounds so strange to me. Lol. But it's fun to learn it!
I Wanted To do something Saturday night but I don't know what /: lol	why don't you tell you friends to go eat at a restaurant?
I try to always reply to ppl	I appreciate it nevertheless
in a BA lounge in Glasgow. Heading to LHR then Washington. I, on the other hand, am in Halifax.	some would say its more glamorous
How cool are sausage dogs?!?!	hahaha they are soo cool
yes i should be and i'm not driving i'm just gonna walk up there.	hahahaha not funny, you can go with us! Let me know, so I can tell my mom
Alright! You know I gotcha :) Wait. What do I get out of this?	whatever you want baby.
Well first of all, Chey doesn't even like Austin like at all. and she wouldn't do that to you.	that girl just about ruined everything. idk what to do
on vacation till Thursday then I go back to mountain lake to do research for a few days	aww well , luckily you'll only be in the mountains though
no problem :) I LOVE YOU ♥	i love you too ! :)
Isn't he free now? They are divorcing	I suppose. It's just taking too long. lol
Come over to mine.. Im baby sitting @miss_rocksta	I have to shower first. But im too lazy. Think im going to be at home all morning.
yes i have would you like a copy?	Yep we can look into it then. Can you fire it over to podcast@sportingbet.com please?
thanks babe! hope your having a good holiday!😊xxxxxxx	you're welcome and I am it's amazing! Having a wonderful time!! Just what i needed!! :-) xxxxxxx
I'm not into that type of music. Boy bands arent my thing	awwww :/ everyone has the right to there own opinion :) at least u have a legit reason :)
Yes! Going summer short or just a trim?	just a trim. I'm not ready to part with my long hair!
Like so many other things, I don't think we'll ever know the truth.	The source of much frustration, for me! And Vince Foster's family. And Donald Young's family. And...
lol. How was church?	Sunday? Definitely what I needed....Which is always the case. :)
thanks :) idk I guess I've just been having a rough week that's all.	understandable! Just smile a little bit, it will make you feel better :)
indeed it is which is the most important thing of course! ;)	plus the functionality
haha maybe. Aslong as its not cold when im there! Going from Spain straight to Sweden. Temp difference much?	No bet you it'll be roasting until you go, then they'll have like the coldest temperatures ever! Haha!
The background I want Black, Do you do designs.	depends what you want. I put color effect on the background
Finished fifty shades of grey and was balling my eyes out. What is wrong with me ?!	is it good!? I wanna read it
My leopard print play suit and my wedges, you?	my ripped skinny jeans, white corset and a black cardi, idk if it looks okay though?
aight well u get me that same deal and i will get an iphone tomorrow!	lol okay we have to go to the sprint store
im glad we had that little chat! and that u sorta died a bit.. lol(; @redneck_bitchh2	oh lordy I still can't get over that
nywayzz...still want to tlk	lol aww u looked past my pregnant belly...lol...so wats ur name
depression doesn't work that way unfortunately	Amanda you are alive and doing fairly well for yourself enjoy every minute of life before its too late
wait, do you know what I'm talking about? lol	I believe so... Two years ago right?
i'm not , loll	Lol. You work at McDonalds don't you?
yeah what are you gona do for your birthday	going to NYC ((((((: what did you do ?
it means ass	I live 60 miles from Mexico. Trust me, I know more Spanish than most white boys. Lol
it was easy mate all u had to do was sit there :p	I see good man well at least you got something out of it :)
It's customer appreciation day which means $1 subs (1-6) from 11-3.	How is it a scam then??
I thought that earlier! I miss you!	I miss you more! I have to see you this week :(
to answer your question though, just take Amtrak.	That would be an option if I actually had money to take the train
I'm moving by July, our office is moving around August. No it was not planned.	plenty of patio time then! Just say when :)
Let's wrap up that pending stuff.	ok, how do you want to do it?
awww!! At least it has had a good watering!! ;) xx	it has, but they've avoided the worst of the recent rain :-) xx
Lmfao and I'm in summer school for algebra. The irony.	that's very sad ....
nice to meet you too Celine c: btw i like your name!	thank you daisy haha! btw, where are you from? :)
me either .I'm spending time on this 8 page essay then I'm head out.	Damn, How many pages you got done?? and What is the essay on??
Not like it would matter....I wouldn't know who any of the teacher are regardless.	lol we'll you're going to be lost and I don't want to help you
My English is rarely good English. So what? I like it!	haha! Thank you :) sorry but i must sleep. Busy day tomorrow! Nos da (goodnight) :)
Stupid busy - off to Comic Con!	Well sir let us know when u are free. Have u heard our podcast?
I WISH!:( I cannot wait to see you!	when I see you, it will be the happiest day of my life :)
how did you do in English and Maths?	c in English and e or f in maths
yah we do. We got in from north entrance.	Usually no line at any gate for passes - always head to the left :)
they got one tomorrow, its they last game	We're flying to Texas in the morning cuz. Hence why it's been so hectic the last few days
yeah, that's better. Much safer for them.	I really don't think she'll get that far. She's feeling quite poorly. They are totally natural!
thats always awkward, did you accept it?	No , should I ?
when did you get there?	since august 2009
where are you?!?!	the hospital, ma'am! Where are you?
I know you won't. But neither will I, love.	Well then we'll have to agree to disagree. Even though I'm right.
fine! May I just say the jump from 50 to 70 wasn't pleasant! Was quite painful!	Hahaha how you feeling this morning?
where you going ? I'll tide with you	to the orthodontics, and okay I'm leaving here hopefully by 1:30.
Amazingness! Absolutely love NYC - got anything exciting planned?	have booked a couple of shows but more theatre and celebrating my 25th birthday :-)
I know I feel you. Just let it come to you. Don't press too much.	ok I got you. Good to hear from you man. Much blessings in Moline.
do you know how to make one?	ofcourse! You can smoke out of almost anything.
ha, except the fine folks at Air Traffic Control turn that five minutes into 90 on my end. Meh.	Oh, yeah. Well, I got nothing for you now. Good luck.
Long story short i don't have it	. . . do you have a house phone ?
that does sound nice. Is it a morning thing? I have porridge for my breakfast. Yum!	and what is porridge? Oatmeal?
no i do not!	yes you do!
I did! But now it has a bunch of rules :(	really? Like what?
four? There's loads!	you know the four you have at the bottom? Those ones I meant:)
just working! Gotta new job! No more daycare for me! And I start school Monday. How about you?	currently looking for a job. staying up to no good. and waiting for my shipdate
well let's have a coffee and celebrate christmas	Sure yeh, I'm game for that
yea...so u get my point	yeah I do.. Bt I don't get why we can't hang out...
I mean who spends their day trying to make abbreviations for words	lol I have no idea but they must have a lot of time on their hands
ohhhh, you'd be good at that	Really? I'd definitely like to broaden my understanding to help people more. &gt;
i can't get a damn job to save my life..	All the rich people are getting jobs.. Like why?!
it's like a lose lose situation	Yep...I'm on the verge of giving up hope...
Definitely not the best friends I thought we were. :(	): wish you would've stayed..
Hmm tough one. Ships In The Night is awesome!	Yeah, I really love that one too! :D Great pick ;)
my sister is in the hospital, I pray that her and my niece are going to be okay.	hope she's okay ! keep your head up girl.
yeah but you ain't competing versus the same talent	what time we play Saturday?
that's if I can do anything	well find out right now because i am bored
when will your summer vacation finish?	the day after tomorrow!
Procrastination is a bad thing.	that has my name written all over it!!
Loll, Damn right! She deserves every insult I'm giving.	lmaoooo it so mean
Is it good news or bad news?	No news! I am wearing my one suit for a work event, and it is really tight!!
Ik, either meet and greet would be tight. I'm gonna think and lyk	Alright, I just told my mom that would be my Birthday gift ^_^ lol
Around 2/3 hours haha you?	haha same! I was born on the wrong side of the UK lol..
Thinking the 4th, then we can pretend all the Americans are celebrating it too	Agreed! We shall shoot off fireworks in honor of your cat's birthday.
Was a bit confusing but seemed good. Did it go as you expected?	COMPLETE fail on trying to predict stuff though!
I hope so :( btw. how are you?	i love you !:) and i'm fine and you are better now?:)
where you at	going to the cheesecake factory to get my mom some food
on my way bbz, not to clean your room thoughh	you either sort it out for me or don't bother coming!
Smh, we gotta teach her	she ain't gone listen. She made one before and she stopped using it soo that's kilt
i think i'll pass on that one thanks ;)	What kinda music do you listen to?
yeah you remember that actually pretty scary horror movie he did called Silent Rage. Pretty damn good actually	never saw that, sounds like a treat.
completely off, cus in the middle of using it it ran out of battery and switched off.	ohh well I would think that they could still track it
yes, this is internet.	Then y u no just search it on the internet...?
I reckon the hot spaniards will be waiting for us on the next game, don't worry.	yeah I agree plus it's also bath night x
oh dang Im tempted to go watch but I might get angry at them for messing up.	yea don't do it lmao
oh well you should be	I won't be when you burn;)
I'm a bit tired .Time here 22:04pm .What time in there?	1:05 in the afternoon. If ur tierd go to sleep(;
thats what im gunna have to do. Its gunna be so painful!! But i will suffer through!!	the five minutes of hell is worth it
word! Love that song.....	I still can play that song back to back.
If you like them, you should watch Honeybee and Automatonic Electronic Harmonics. Brass Goggles is my favourite though!	Nah... that's okay! ;-)
your telling me - I'm glad I aint had breakfast yet it wouldn't have stayed down!	haha. hats off to you for coping with your morning trauma :)
I'm hoping to come, but I'll probably be all by my lonsome. :(	once you get there you won't be alone! :)
lmao they're so big and soft I miss touching them...	REALLY hope you're referring to my face! Lol
Pouring, but they're all in the pool!	awesome , happy 12th to miss Avery!
That show I saw with @Outasight @MikeMaven and @BadRabbitsBand is still one of my favorites!	just wait until you see the new band @YoungPandas rock with Penguin Prison in November!
here, there, a lil but if everywhere. lol	lol but yet I haven't seen you.
lee croft is off to bournemouth.	thought he was back off to St Johnstone on a season long loan
aww we could have been insomniac buddies	Ha. Hope you're all right. I find things often seem so much worse after a poor night's sleep.
yes it is. Trust me. For me its totally important !	Thanks , Its not even that important to me. Lol
its the middle of the summer and its sunday, how in the hell do yall have a track meet?	I run track over the summer obvi lol
idc I was hurt by your comment :(	okay and I promise I won't be mean unless you start it
I think it went down the drain with synchronized swimming.	Did they really get rid of synchronized swimming?
This tree behind my house seriously looks like it's about to crash through my window.	theres so many trees here! Hahahahahhahaha best day of class ever
yes,it's summer vacation now.so,I'm on a trip to Japan's southern island:) There're beautiful beaches and sea:)	Sounds great! Have fun there, Mika :)
Omg, they are awesome :O There is a tiny of red to the pictures :P	Shhhh, I took a picture of the picture xD I don't know how to use the scanner XD
I Thought I Told You To Put Me In Yo Bio..	. Put Me In Yours Tooo .
me too if someone puts me in a closet in the dark I will cry teribly	I'll just get really scared! Haha
sorry for the late reply last night. Where are you adding the glitter?	My eyes and hair lol
sometimes the desire for that type of love out weighs the desire for friendship.	I know but a relationship will never last. A friendship can last forever!
you can always count on me to be immature	Hehe, at least a bit of immaturity from time to time is entertaining! :)
A rainbow skirt!! I'll be wearing it in the San Diego Pride march! 	Take pictures when you are done and there! :)
well that was bloody beautiful x	thank you, took me days to train it! But I think that the end result was worth it!!
remind me one more time	No. I won't.
jeeeeze. ya i'm gonna talk to my boss about this downtime. i hate feeling unproductive..	Ya today is making me realize i actually like working a little at work
I have no clue I'm not sure if I even know what dog your talking about	a skinnnnnnnny one. That dog Bob used to have when he used to live in his old house.
Putting in work, that's what I like to hear man	it's terrible, seriously gotta get a decent grade on this test tonight
from Ted the movie, so cool	awww I see! never really fancied that film to be honest:o
haha I don't	My study is easy though. Yours isn't.
but there are so many songs omg, dunno how im going to find the time hahaha	sunday is a perfect day for it
Naww but it dont really matter noey dont trip	fine, then I'll just pretend not to care. Humph! :-(
Does anyone out there have recommendations on wines from Cyprus?	good morning Julian - how can we help you?
oh no!!! I just know Brian and thought I would be a resource for you if you wanted :)	Haha. I know. Just kidding around. We'll keep ya in mind for sure. Thanks!
how old is your phone?	Umm not sure about 1 and a half years?
You First. It's Way Past Your Bed Time.	make me go to bed
wtf really?! On what?	Spanish. Mrs Sierra said I cheated off Chris but he got an 85 and I got a 75 ...
Cool whippin to LA	you're just all over the place huh..? Lol
omg please? Do you think it'll fit me?	yeah and I think it will fit I got it years ago, it's sooooooo 2007
I'm so sorry to hear about Humphrey. Your post was a wonderful tribute.	I'm off to Vegas next week for a conference. Maybe that will help cheer me up a bit.
I wanted to know the availability of an item. I guess I just drive there.	We are sorry about this experience. We will forward this to Club Management.
no. Not even a little bit. It's just the usual crew making me feel loved in their special way.	ah I saw (some). Just had to check if I had to end lives or not.
man we can find something to do huh @_DLoo she isn't gonna have a TD bday	I think I wanna have a dinner at least . And i wanna TU after that but idk
I do not understand anything but okay	Hahaa! All you need to know is we are winning!
you're welcome sweerheart :3  Fine and U, baby? :D	im good, thanks ... So where you from, sweetie? :)
YESSSSS. . . @Heartless_Human why tho?	bc i hate this weak ass school n the pussies that attend this shit
July 1st..getting two more tattoos :)	maan I haven't even got my first one yet &gt;_ lol
Yah! I loved watching her on X-Factor! I thought she was so cute! ~ @MeredithGeddes	she's the besstt! Her accent is so pretty omggg
They Probably Did, Just Never In My Life.	maybe in a after life they will
no :( now I'm depressed.	I want it already babe you made me change my mind. You make me happy. You're just amazing.
I'm so tired that 30 min may be perfect! Lol :)	ok so i have totally failed. going to bed. hope u had better luck!! gnite!
What you talm bout lmao ...:)	idkk.... lol (: what youu talkin bout ??
what kind do you drink?	coke or sprite
I'm about to get emotional Lol &gt;.	I'm sorry!! Couldn't help it...
aha, well I try my best ;)xx	hahaha,and so far your best is good enough ;)!!xx
haha I wasnt making fun of you.	you better not have of been (:
yess! So I told him Monday and he wants to walk around Hackensack. -.-	I thought he wasn't allowed in Hackensack! Lmao
I'll be in Leeds most prob. Come up!	Leeds live though? No students?
all good! There ya goooo	yea ha whats good tonight whats tay doin now
Lmaoo I got you next weekend .	yeaah we going next to . But i think we going to water contry to.
Packed and unpacked and repacked my hospital bag. I mean seriously I think I'm nuts myself.	wow time flew by that fast!?
I would like to see your lovely face, very soon.	I think about you all the time! Miss you soo much
its too hot to be outside. Lolz!	these white people are funny as hell
just a little rain then overcast and cool	I guess pretty ideal conditions in the end. It was pretty toasty for me here!
are you coming up for the roses this weekend?	yes, on Friday. are you going?
hello!! how are u?	hey ! i'm fine thanks and you?
; it's still pretty! Idk why I thought you cut your hair !	I did it was longer
oh really? Just get a cheap one! Do you have to pay for insurance etc?	yeah, they said they would help me out but still cheap is near on 2 grand ish
For wanting to stay with me.	...I always will. I can't, I can't think of my life without ya.
awwh :( bet you look equally as good as her? :)	Nahhhhh im nothing like her, trust me :/ sigh~
I need a partner to apply for million pound drop with me :')	good to see u back your old self or what seems too be x
as mixture of holidays partying living the dream and work, work and more work x how's u x	that's great..Mine has been good. I worked hard and played alittle harder..lolol.....Girl, I can't believe it's almost Sept!
she grew up so fast:'( haha;)	I know! She needs to stay little for us! :(
yeah his header was a bullet	he was quality at holding the ball up aswell
yes it has and it won't ever again	it has not and it will
It was a good talk.	Nice to hear :)
but he's cute :P	he's adorable but I want to slap him lol
admin for what?	for my fanbase
Yes i saw those pictures, he's so hot, omg i can't.	Omg I know he's more hot than the sun, hahaha.
I'm sure that hurts their feelings	...I don't like strangers touching me...
so far so good, I woke up! lol and thats about it .	yeah same here. Work time now.
nopeeee the 8th!! When are you going? I wanna see the cribbb	the 5th, and I mean you live right across the street so come on over :)
you better lolol !! I miss freshman year, you used to all the time	I will!!!((: Me too I know haha I'd always give you some!!(:
really horrible, I'm the most horrible person ever. Thought you would know that by now?	Seriously, why don't you even show remorse or apologise or something instead of just being a sarcastic cunt.
well then I don't see why we have this problem. It's just me expressing disbelief at a semi-miracle.	lol omg haha did you register yet?
believe me I'll be behind you 100% of the time whether were running or hiding lol	Im a pro at hide and seek lol
Freedom Village, i'm gonna be a server 10$ an hour, i'm nervous for it being my first job !	damn that's nice! I need to get a second job :(
Is Trey Songz goin to make a good single anytime soon or nawl?	you dont like heart attack?
got to face time with my granddaughter. They live in usa. She is only 6months but it was wonderful	you must have loved seeing her!! That's great! Glad your having an amazing day! :)
naw I'm in class now but da damn place is huge... u could eat like a pig!	i stay off camp...i might venture in there one day tho
Have you been able to attend any alumni events in Houston?	- I have not. I'm usually working.
wheres that! and ha I know!!	near Katy, I'm at my friends (:
naa will go to sleep at 1. As I've got to be up at seven :(	orh 7 thats 2 early -.-
exactly hahah there's no chance it will happen, I'll believe it when it happens	thought you're going to raki?
eds in selfridges, too hungry to hike to JQ :)	Looks fab! Was it nice?
